recID_1	2	2	ISLAMABAD: The Japanese government has provided $49 million grant assistance for the extension of intensive care at maternal and child health care centre and children's hospital at the Pakistan Institute of Medical Sciences (PIMS) and to strengthen cargo inspection capacity at dry ports of the country.
recID_3	1	1	In an address to Turkey's Parliament on Wednesday, Erdogan said that Turkey's military offensive would end if Syrian Kurdish fighters left a border area in northeast Syria, according to the country's official Anadolu news agency.
recID_4	2	2	U.S. District Judge David J. Hale granted another temporary restraining order sought by the American Civil Liberties Union in its legal feud with the state over abortion.
recID_5	3	3	The Islamabad High Court on Tuesday demanded an explanation from an Islamabad city magistrate for including sedition charges in the first-information report (FIR) registered against the 23 activists who had been detained for protesting outside the press club against the arrest of Pashtun Tahafuz Movement (PTM) leader Manzoor Pashteen.
recID_6	3	3	The U.S. Supreme Court last year also rejected Indiana's appeal of a lower court ruling that blocked the state's ban on abortion based on gender, race or disability.
recID_8	0	0	In fact, on Sunday, the Kremlin released its own propaganda suggesting the ISIS leader hadn't actually been killed in the weekend attack.
recID_9	0	0	Rob Bradley, chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, said the Senate's plan is truly is a reflection of the priorities of the people you all represent.
recID_10	4	4	In 2011, the FBI arrested more than 100 mob members, including the alleged street boss of the Colombo family.
recID_11	3	3	The United Nations on Thursday said it will investigate attacks on its humanitarian facilities in northwest Syria, only days after two-thirds of the UN Security Council called for an inquiry.
recID_12	2	2	Lebanon President Michel Aoun has designated Hezbollah-backed Hassan Diab, an academic and former education minister, as the country's next prime minister on Thursday, breaking a weeks-long impasse.
recID_13	3	3	UN Security Council members on Wednesday overwhelmingly rejected Russia's draft resolution on humanitarian aid border crossings into Syrian rebel strongholds.
recID_15	2	2	In addition to working in Somalia, MSF also provides medical humanitarian assistance to Somalis in the Dadaab refugee camp in Kenya, as well as in the Somali region of Ethiopia.
recID_16	3	3	Several left-wing and liberal US Jewish organisations have rejected US President Donald Trump's proposal to solve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
recID_17	0	0	The European Commission on Wednesday rejected Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babis's criticism of an EU report that concluded he had illegally received more than EUR17 million ($19 million) in EU subsidies.
recID_18	4	4	Dutch police arrested a Turkish man suspected of shooting dead three people and wounding five on a tram in the Dutch city of Utrecht on Monday.
recID_19	0	0	Ghassan al-Hamawi, a civil activist in Idlib countryside, told Al-Monitor, "The opposition's attack on Saraqeb with the support of the Turkish army and its negligence in defending the southern Idlib countryside seemed intentional.
recID_21	0	0	Yemen's Houthi militia claimed responsibility for drone attacks on two Saudi Aramco oil installations in the Kingdom's Eastern Province on Saturday, the militia's military spokesman said on Al Masirah TV.
recID_22	1	1	New Delhi: Top democratic leader and speaker of US House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi has lauded India-US ties and said that the support for New Delhi in the US Congress "is always bipartisan."
recID_23	3	3	Senate Committee on Trade and Investment on, Tuesday, opened fresh investigation into illegal transfer of N14.3billion from the 2017 budgetary allocation of the Nigerian Export Processing Zones Authority (NEPZA) to a private company, Nigeria Special Economic Zones Company.
recID_25	1	1	As a gesture of sincerity and confidence building, the coalition forces and the Afghan government will release Taliban political prisoners on humanitarian grounds and those who could not be convicted will be released unconditionally.
recID_26	4	4	On 21 June Mexican authorities announced the arrest of 26 alleged members of Santa Rosa de Lima gang after burning vehicles were used as road blocks in the cities of Celaya, Salamanca and Villagran.
recID_27	3	3	The Nigerian Senate has set up a committee to probe Senator Elias Abbo for allegedly assaulting a woman in Abuja in a sex toy shop.
recID_28	3	3	Cipollone, White House counsel since late 2018, has led the White House attack on the impeachment proceedings, calling the move unconstitutional and rejecting congressional subpoenas on behalf of the administration.
recID_29	1	1	MANILA, Philippines -- President Duterte supports a plan to implement a major revamp in the Philippine National Police as the PNP struggles to survive the controversy brought by the alleged involvement of some police officers in the recycling of illegal drugs seized during raids.
recID_30	2	2	The International Monetary Fund board last week approved a zero-interest, $118.2-million loan for recovery efforts in Mozambique.
recID_31	3	3	A spokesman for President Ashraf Ghani on Wednesday disputed the results and methodology of the U.N. report, saying the government is committed to protecting civilians.
recID_32	2	2	A Gibraltar court ordered the Iranian tanker's release on August 15 despite an 11th-hour US legal bid to keep it in detention.
recID_34	1	1	IFC, a member of the World Bank Group, has signed a landmark agreement with the Fijian Government to bring in the private sector to help provide affordable and climate-resilient homes for low and middle-income families.
recID_35	3	3	Previously, the FBI had opened an investigation of Flynn based on his relationship with the Russian government.
recID_36	0	0	Several human rights groups and United Nations special rapporteurs sent a letter to the Pakistani government in March seeking leniency, asking that Iqbal's death sentence be commuted.
recID_38	3	3	A court in Lyon found Barbarin guilty of failing to report allegations that a priest, Bernard Preynat, had abused boy scouts in the Lyon area in the 1980s and 1990s.
recID_39	4	4	Ukrainian security forces arrested Leonid Kozhara, who served as foreign minister in the pro-Russian government led by exiled president Viktor Yanukovych, on suspicion of pre-meditated murder on Wednesday.
recID_41	1	1	At the 2019 event, the United States' International Development Finance Corporation (DFC) signed a $5 billion facility agreement with the African Development Bank.
recID_42	3	3	The American Civil Liberties Union of Massachusetts and Lawyers for Civil Rights filed a lawsuit in Boston federal court Thursday challenging the Aug. 7 decision by U.S. .
recID_44	3	3	The UN Support Mission in Libya (UNSMIL), on Sunday strongly condemned the bombing of a military academy in the capital Tripoli, which according to news reports left at least 30 dead and more than 30 others wounded.
recID_45	4	4	Despite government propaganda, Boko Haram, with frequent and convincing repetition, demonstrates that it has more firepower than the Nigerian military.
recID_47	0	0	PESHAWAR: A senior Iranian cultural diplomat on Wednesday stressed the need for the Muslim unity to end the atrocities against the Palestinians.
recID_49	1	1	The United Nations envoy for Somalia James Swan has held a meeting with former Somali president Sheikh Sharif in Mogadishu on Wednesday, UNSOM said in a Twitter post.
recID_50	4	4	A Saudi trainee military pilot launched a terror attack at a US Navy base after an instructor called him "Porn Stash," suggesting his moustache resembled that of a pornographic film actor.
recID_51	4	4	The IDF (Israeli Defence Force) is currently striking Islamic Jihad terror targets in the Gaza strip, the army said in a WhatsApp message to reporters.
recID_54	0	0	Jens Stoltenberg, the trans-Atlantic alliance's top official, hailed the killing of former ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi as a milestone in our efforts against international terrorism, but cautioned that the fight is not yet complete.
recID_55	3	3	A Jerusalem district court on March 10 rejected Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's request to delay the start of his corruption trial, ruling it would begin as planned next week.
recID_56	3	3	Representatives Eliot Engel, the Democratic chairman of the U.S. House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee, and Mike McCaul, the committee's senior Republican, introduced a bill last Friday that would sanction Turkish officials involved in the Syria operation and banks involved with Turkey's defense sector until Turkey ends military operations in Syria.
recID_57	0	0	The Illinois NAACP have said that the legalization would lead to more addiction and mental health issues and would harm rather than help black communities.
recID_58	3	3	The European Union is prolonging sanctions against the Syrian regime of President Bashar Assad for a year due to its continued crackdown against civilians in the war-ravaged country.
recID_59	3	3	Kremlin critics say Russian President Vladimir Putin has given him free rein because he relies on him to keep a lid on separatism following two devastating post-Soviet wars in Chechnya.
recID_61	3	3	The Taliban has said it will not begin talks with the Afghan government as envisaged in the agreement until the prisoner release takes place.
recID_62	3	3	MANILA -- President Rodrigo Duterte has given Canada a May 15 deadline to take back tons of trash mistakenly sent to the Philippines several years ago, saying he will ship the garbage back if the Canadians do not comply.
recID_63	3	3	Mexico: Since January, the US government has ordered 16,000 migrants under 18, including nearly 500 infants, to wait with their families in Mexico for US immigration court hearings, a Reuters analysis of government data found.
recID_64	0	0	Kamal Nath had earlier called a meeting of the Madhya Pradesh Congress Legislature Party (CLP) started at his residence where it is believed that he was told by the party high command to resign as his government had lost majority after the resignation of 22 Congress MLAS.
recID_65	4	4	In July, British Royal Marines seized the Iranian Grace 1 tanker in waters off the coast of Gibraltar, on suspicion it was carrying oil to Syria, a close ally of Iran, in violation of EU sanctions.
recID_66	0	0	Hours later, the Taliban claimed responsibility for a car bombing outside an Afghan military base in the Logar provincial capital, Puli Alam, which houses members of the Afghan special forces.
recID_67	1	1	GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip -- International labor officials applaud the Palestinian government's recent decision to ban brokerages that "blackmail" Palestinians seeking permits to work in Israel.
recID_68	4	4	Haftar, a former CIA asset, launched a military operation on Tripoli in early April after sweeping through much of Libya's south and capturing most of the country's oil installations.
recID_69	2	2	The Iraqi government lifted the daytime curfew in Baghdad on Saturday, but access to roads leading to major squares remained blocked for fear of further deadly protests, AFP correspondents reported.
recID_72	0	0	However, on October 29, a Taliban spokesman denied a report that said a Taliban delegation was in Beijing.
recID_73	0	0	Stroul, a former staff member on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee who previously worked at the Pentagon, warned there are other consequences for a U.S. withdrawal, including an evermore defiant Syrian regime, backed by a further emboldened Russia and Iran.
recID_74	4	4	Sri Lanka police on Monday arrested a local employee of the Swiss Embassy in Colombo, who has been at the centre of a diplomatic controversy, for allegedly making a false accusation that she was detained and threatened.
recID_75	0	0	Syrian state TV described the Israeli missile attack in the village of Ein Tinneh, near the town of Quneitra, as an "aggression."
recID_77	3	3	A three-judge panel of the Jerusalem District Court on Wednesday unanimously rejected Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's request for an exemption from attending the opening of his public corruption trial which will take place on Sunday.The decision appeared to be a move by the court to set the tone that it is in control now that the trial is actually starting, regardless of the fact that "Defendant No.
recID_79	3	3	On Tuesday, the U.S. government imposed new targeted sanctions over the Rohingya crisis, including travel bans and asset freezes, on Myanmar military commanders, including Senior General Min Aung Hlaing.
recID_80	3	3	Afghan President Ashraf Ghani condemned the barbaric and unforgivable attacks, which are the latest in a relentless wave of assaults by the Taliban, who now hold sway over about half of the country and regularly target government forces.
recID_82	4	4	A Russia-backed Syrian regime offensive on the last major opposition bastion in the country's northwest has displaced more than 800,000 people since December, the United Nations said on Thursday.
recID_83	3	3	New York, May 17, IRNA - Iran's Ambassador and Permanent Representative to the United Nations rejected a military solution for Syrian crisis, saying only Syrian themselves will determine their fate.
recID_84	0	0	The Taliban have already claimed responsibility for two attacks on current President Ashraf Ghani's campaign rallies.
recID_85	3	3	On Friday, the EU also demanded the release of the Chinese human rights lawyer Yu Wensheng, who has been jailed for four years for inciting subversion of state power after writing an open letter calling for constitutional reforms.
recID_86	3	3	A higher Italian court finally rejected the organization's appeal.
recID_87	2	2	Turkey's parliament on Thursday approved troop deployments in Libya with an eye to Ankara's power projection in the eastern Mediterranean.
recID_88	0	0	A senior Turkish military official has said it was completely untrue that Turkey's navy harassed a French warship on a Nato mission during an incident which occurred a few weeks ago.
recID_89	0	0	As alleged, Ethan Melzer, a private in the US Army, was the enemy within, said Audrey Strauss, acting US Attorney for the Southern District of New York, in a statement.
recID_90	0	0	Earlier, news agency ANI had reported that the Indian Air Force (IAF) and Army will be destroying several unexploded bombs fired by the Pakistan Air Force in Mendhar.
recID_91	3	3	WHITE HOUSE - Congressional Democratic Party lawmakers abruptly left a White House meeting with President Donald Trump on Wednesday concerning the crisis along the Turkish-Syrian border.
recID_92	0	0	The Council of Europe's Commissioner for Human Rights, Dunja Mijatovic, has expressed concern about the lack of a systematic response on the part of the Bosnian government.
recID_93	0	0	BEIRUT: Lebanese President Michel Aoun said Wednesday that financial assistance from the International Monetary Fund was mandatory for an economic recovery, as the country sinks deeper into financial turmoil.
recID_94	4	4	The Iraqi Supreme Judicial Council issued an official order to the Erbil Appeals Court on April 8 to implement an arrest warrant for the former governor of Ninevah province, Nawfal al-Akoub.
recID_95	0	0	RICHMOND, Va. -- A Virginia state senator is launching a bid to be the state's next governor, which if successful would make her the nation's first African American woman to lead a state.
recID_97	1	1	Prime Minister Theresa May on Friday welcomed the European Union's decision to delay Brexit, saying that lawmakers in the British parliament now had clear choices about what to do next.
recID_98	4	4	The Israeli military said on Friday that it launched wide-scale airstrikes on militant targets in the Gaza Strip shortly after Palestinian militants fired three rockets into Israel, two of which were intercepted.
recID_100	3	3	The Supreme Court of Appeal in Bahrain rejected an appeal lodged by the Bahraini man, who was convicted of organising an illegal gathering and rioting.
recID_101	0	0	Last week, members of a delegation from the European Parliament who visited Nicaragua in January sent a letter to the vice president of the European Commission arguing that it was time for Europe to sanction Nicaragua, because negotiations with Ortega were not advancing.
recID_102	0	0	The Saudi Cabinet added that the terrorist attack on the two Saudi ships is a direct threat to maritime safety and reflects negatively on regional and international peace and security.
recID_103	0	0	The Taliban claimed the Monday attack, which came as Afghanistan's main TV station, Tolo News, was broadcasting an interview with Khalilzad.
recID_104	0	0	FILE - Washington peace envoy Zalmay Khalilzad attends the inauguration ceremony for Afghan President Ashraf Ghani at the presidential palace in Kabul, Afghanistan, March 9, 2020.
recID_105	3	3	The Mauritius government said last week that it would seek compensation from the owner of the Japanese freighter over the oil leakage.
recID_106	3	3	However, addressing the UN General Assembly in New York last month, Somalia's President Mohamed Farmaajo rejected President Uhuru Kenyatta's call for talks, saying that the court should be the ultimate arbiter.
recID_108	1	1	On February 25, Home Minister Amit Shah had discussed the situation with the Delhi chief minister and leaders of various parties.
recID_110	3	3	Syria's foreign ministry filed a complaint to the United Nations security council over the attack, demanding accountability, although the Observatory said the deaths could have occurred in the aftermath of the attack by the remnants of missile parts or the Syrian counter-attack itself.
recID_112	1	1	Speaking to Xi, Kiribati President Taneti Maamau reaffirmed his administration's commitment to the One China principle and expressed his deepest respect for the Chinese government's sovereignty.
recID_116	3	3	On March 29, by a 286-344 vote, Britain's parliament rejected the EU withdrawal agreement for a third time.
recID_117	2	2	United Nations, April 13 (IANS) Under pressure from Washington, the International Criminal Court (ICC) has dropped the investigation of alleged war crimes committed in Afghanistan, a probe directed mainly against US military and intelligence services.
recID_119	3	3	SAN FRANCISCO -- The American Civil Liberties Union is suing the FBI for records to find out more about a divisive 2017 report on the rise of black extremists following the shooting deaths of African-Americans.
recID_120	4	4	Libya's Government of National Accord (GNA) captured three cities west of the capital Tripoli on Monday in a new advance against forces loyal to eastern militia leader Khalifa Haftar, according to social media accounts run by GNA forces.
recID_121	4	4	The Pentagon placed an Army brigade in Italy on alert to fly into Lebanon if needed to protect the American Embassy there.
recID_122	1	1	Pakistan Prime Minister Imran Khan, called Turkey President Recep Tayyip Erdogan on Friday to convey Pakistan's support and solidarity, his office said.
recID_123	1	1	The Czech Republic's prime minister says he supports European Council President Donald Tusk's proposal to grant Britain a longer delay than it has requested for its departure from the European Union.
recID_124	0	0	Senate Majority Leader Mike Shirkey, a Clarklake Republican, said the Senate's proposal has general fund reductions in many budgets "so that we can reprioritize to squeeze some money out for roads and other priorities."
recID_125	0	0	Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said Monday that Iraqi leaders have told him privately they support the US troop presence, despite public appeals for them to leave.
recID_126	0	0	The senior State Department official disputed contentions that the U.S. government has lost interest in Venezuela, saying the administration this week would demonstrate through words, through meetings and through action its commitment to the effort.
recID_127	3	3	The Taliban have rejected an Afghan government call for a ceasefire for the Muslim holy month of Ramadan and to let authorities focus on tackling the coronavirus , raising new concern about prospects for a fragile peace process.
recID_128	3	3	COLOMBO: Sri Lanka's police chief has refused a request by President Maithripala Sirisena to step down following suicide bombings on churches and hotels, two sources at the president's office said on Saturday, deepening the rift at top levels of government.
recID_129	4	4	The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) has destroyed a Boko Haram Terrorists (BHTs) camp at Abulam, a settlement on the fringes of the Allagarno Forest, in Borno State.
recID_130	4	4	Turkish police said they detained 137 people in Istanbul on Wednesday for trying to hold illegal demonstrations in various parts of the city to celebrate May Day.
recID_131	2	2	The move came after the Afghan government released 100 Taliban prisoners, bringing to 300 the total number of Taliban inmates freed since April 8.
recID_132	3	3	Agnes Callamard, the special rapporteur for the U.N.'s Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, conducted a five-month investigation into Khashoggi's death last fall at the Saudi consulate in Istanbul.
recID_133	0	0	US President Donald Trump on Tuesday sought the Federal Reserve 's help to win the trade war against China , saying if America 's central bank lowers interest rates, the "game" would be over.
recID_134	3	3	Taliban officials have so far rejected the Afghan government's offer to hold direct talks.
recID_135	4	4	On Monday, London court issued an arrest warrant against diamond merchant Nirav Modi who is wanted in India for an alleged loan default case, according to the sources in the Enforcement Directorate.
recID_136	0	0	Mohamed T. H. Siala, the foreign minister in Libya's U.N.-supported government, also sent a letter to the Security Council requesting a meeting.
recID_137	4	4	The US military in January struck Iran-backed militia groups in areas in Iraq and Syria along the border area, in what US officials then said was a response to escalating provocations from Iran.
recID_138	4	4	MOSCOW (AP) -- Russian police detained several dozen people in the early hours on Thursday at a rally protesting plans to build a cathedral in a popular park in Russia's fourth-largest city.
recID_139	3	3	Directly after the attacks Tuesday, the Afghan government said Taliban militants were responsible.
recID_140	1	1	Merkel met Erdogan for talks that are expected to focus on the future of a migration deal between Turkey and the EU that helped decrease refugee flows to Europe.
recID_141	2	2	JERUSALEM - The Israeli Cabinet unanimously approved a proposal to build over 700 housing units for Palestinians in addition to 6,000 Israeli settlement housing units in the West Bank.
recID_142	3	3	Syria's foreign ministry also filed a complaint to the United Nations security council over the attack, demanding accountability, according to Sana.
recID_143	1	1	South Sudan mediator Tut Galuak said the Sudanese government has started direct talks with The Sudan Revolutionary Front, an alliance of rebel groups, which has joined the protest movement against al-Bashir but did not fully support the power-sharing deal with the military.
recID_144	3	3	Stopping treatment came four days after France's highest court quashed a Paris court decision to resume feeding so the United Nations could examine the case.
recID_145	3	3	WASHINGTON -- U.S. President Donald Trump's reelection campaign has filed a libel lawsuit against The New York Times (NYT), accusing it of falsely asserting a trade-off between Russian officials and the president's 2016 campaign.
recID_148	1	1	After negotiations over many months, Pakistan and the IMF have reached a staff level agreement that would be approved by the IMF executive board, announced Dr Abdul Hafeez Shaikh, the Prime Minister's adviser on Finance and Revenue, on national television.
recID_149	1	1	Speaking to reporters in the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur, Erdogan reiterated Turkey's support for the United Nations-backed Government of National Accord (GNA) under the leadership of Prime Minister Mustafa Fayez al-Sarraj.
recID_150	2	2	Also Saturday, U.S. Defense Secretary Mark Esper approved a request from the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) for help in housing 1,000 people who may have been exposed to the coronavirus and need to be quarantined upon arrival to the U.S. from overseas, the department said in a statement Saturday.
recID_151	3	3	Former prime minister Paul Keating has launched an extraordinary attack on Australia's spy chiefs, calling them "nutters" and urging Bill Shorten to sack them to improve relations with China if he wins the election.
recID_152	3	3	We condemn and reject this decision of the US Senate, Turkish Vice President Fuat Oktay tweeted on Friday.
recID_153	3	3	The World Health Organization condemned the killing of the Palestinian medic in uniform, saying, ''Health care is not a target.''
recID_154	4	4	The Nigerian Army on Tuesday said it arrested 16 Boko Haram terrorists, including two top commanders of the sect during a sting operation.
recID_155	0	0	Now we see Chinese officials and state media claiming that China bought the world time to prepare for this pandemic, said Natasha Kassam, a research fellow at the Lowy Institute in Sydney and a former Australian diplomat.
recID_156	4	4	Kabul: Taliban suicide bombers killed 48 people in two separate attacks in Afghanistan on Tuesday, the deadliest taking place near an election rally by President Ashraf Ghani, though he was unhurt.
recID_158	0	0	Meanwhile, expressing satisfaction over the performance of Jam Kamal Khan, Senate Chairman Sadiq Sanjrani on Sunday said that he will remain the chief minister of Balochistan, reported a private news channel.
recID_161	0	0	Also in April, special White House adviser Jared Kushner disclosed that he was preparing a merit-based immigration plan for the president that would favor immigrants with high-level job skills over those who already have family members in the U.S.
recID_162	3	3	US President Donald Trump's 2020 reelection campaign on Wednesday filed a lawsuit against The New York Times newspaper over an opinion piece it published in March 2019.
recID_163	3	3	BERLIN -- A court in Bavaria has convicted an Iranian and three Afghan men over their drunken assault of passers-by that prompted a public outcry in Germany in December.
recID_165	4	4	New Zealand police said they have detained four people in connection with deadly shootings at two mosques in Christchurch on Friday.
recID_168	4	4	KABUL - A Taliban attack on a government compound in western Badghis province has killed at least 20 troops and policemen.
recID_169	1	1	Russia and Turkey's foreign ministers met briefly today following a spate of tensions over clashes in Syria's Idlib, where the Syrian army -- backed by Russian airpower -- has launched an offensive to retake rebel-held territory that has left Turkish troops dead.
recID_172	1	1	One year from today, the UN will lift its travel ban on key Iranian officials including IRGC commander Qasem Soleimani, the pro-Israel lobby tweeted.
recID_174	1	1	The United States and the Taliban signed a pact on Feb. 29 that was designed to pave the way for peace talks between the militant group and the Afghan government.
recID_175	0	0	JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is rejecting an Israeli professor's claim that the country's former leader Yitzhak Rabin was assassinated as part of a conspiracy and that his convicted killed is innocent.
recID_178	4	4	Algerian police have arrested Said Bouteflika, the youngest brother of former president Abdelaziz Bouteflika, and two former intelligence chiefs, Generals Bachir Athmane Tartag and Mohamed Mediene, Ennahar TV said on Saturday.
recID_179	0	0	Earlier Friday, Iranian officials said the tanker was preparing to set sail after a Gibraltar judge ordered its release, six weeks after it was detained in apparent retaliation for Iran's seizure of a British-flagged tanker in the Gulf.
recID_180	4	4	The US military struck Iran-backed militia groups last January in areas in Iraq and Syria along that border area in what US officials then said was a response to escalating provocations from Iran.
recID_182	4	4	The Delhi Police arrested an alleged ISIS operative, identified as Abu Yusuf Khan, with Improvised Explosive Devices (IEDs) weighing 15 kilograms and a pistol.
recID_184	1	1	The chairman of the Uzbek State Security Services expressed his appreciation for the Pakistan Army's professionalism and efforts towards regional stability.
recID_186	1	1	Under the deal U.S. and Taliban negotiators signed Feb. 29, the Afghan government would release 5,000 Taliban prisoners before intra-Afghan talks, which were slated to begin Tuesday.
recID_187	4	4	Italian police have arrested an American citizen on suspicion of brutally murdering a shopkeeper in the city of Viterbo, near Rome, authorities told CNN Sunday.
recID_188	1	1	The UNICEF's official reiterated the commitment of the organization to collaborate government, humanitarian and development organizations to ensure the protection of children's rights in the war-torn region.
recID_189	0	0	US President Donald Trump has rejected a New York Times report that American officials are preparing a military plan to deploy up to 120,000 troops to the Middle East to counter any threat by Iran.
recID_190	1	1	Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's strongest election rival, former army general Benny Gantz, said on Tuesday he would seek peace with the Palestinians but stopped short of endorsing their goal for statehood.
recID_192	3	3	Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas's office condemned Netanyahu's decision to advance construction in E1, saying it would violate international law and "push things to the abyss."
recID_193	0	0	Afghanistan's U.N. ambassador, Adela Raz, said that despite security threats and challenges, the Afghan people are determined to hold and participate in the elections.
recID_194	0	0	US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin is rallying Senate Republicans to quickly pass the House package of economic measures.
recID_195	2	2	UNITED NATIONS -- The U.N. Security Council has unanimously adopted a compromise resolution extending the U.N. political mission in Afghanistan.
recID_196	4	4	A hoax bomb threat called in to the Australian Embassy in Spain prompted the evacuation of a 57-story office tower in Madrid's business district Tuesday, Spanish police said.
recID_197	2	2	Action Against Hunger says it is currently providing food assistance every month to approximately 300,000 people in northeast Nigeria who have no access to livelihoods and food.
recID_199	4	4	The Israeli military said Friday it had begun airstrikes in the Gaza Strip in response to a rocket attack on Tel Aviv -- which was the first time the city, some 50 miles north of Gaza, was targeted by rocket fire since a 2014 war against Gaza militants.
recID_200	4	4	Soon after their withdrawal, Erdogan commenced air and ground assaults on Syrian Kurdish fighters who have been helping the U.S. battle Islamic State extremists there, which numerous lawmakers and others had warned would happen.
recID_202	3	3	A court in southern Vietnam's Ho Chi Minh City on Monday rejected the appeal of an Australian citizen convicted last year on charges of engaging in terrorism, sending him and two men convicted with him back to prison to serve their full terms.
recID_203	3	3	US President Donald Trump said he canceled a deal in the wake of a Taliban attack in Kabul that killed a US soldier.
recID_205	4	4	The hostilities began on Friday, when the Iranian-backed Palestinian Islamic Jihad (PIJ) organization launched a sniper attack on Israel Defense Forces' Personnel, wounding an officer.
recID_206	4	4	Spanish police arrested a Moroccan man in Barcelona with suspected links to Islamic State who they believed was planning a militant attack, police said on Friday.
recID_209	2	2	Yesterday, Afghanistan National Security Council's spokesperson said the Afghan government had released 100 Taliban prisoners on May 25.
recID_210	0	0	PARIS -- With Brexit looming and nationalism rising, French President Emmanuel Macron's pro-EU party is launching its campaign for the European Parliament elections.
recID_212	0	0	The Senate Leadership Fund, a Super PAC aligned with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, released a statement hailing the Alabama senator's impending retirement from politics.
recID_214	1	1	Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte meets Chinese President Xi Jinping at the Diaoyutai State Guesthouse in Beijing at the end of August.
recID_217	2	2	A Brazilian federal judge on Monday ordered the release of former President Michel Temer from jail, allowing him to face corruption charges while free.
recID_218	1	1	Earlier on Thursday, King Abdullah II and the Moroccan King Mohammed VI held talks at the Casablanca Royal Palace.
recID_223	4	4	Hifter, who leads the Libya National Army (LNA) and controls much of the country's eastern and southern regions, launched an offensive in April on Tripoli, the seat of UN-recognized Government of National Accord (GNA).
recID_224	4	4	The Pentagon said it hit five bases used by the Iraqi Hizbollah militant group following a rocket attack in Iraq that killed a US civilian contractor.
recID_225	1	1	KHARTOUM, March 16 (Xinhua) -- Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir on Saturday received an invitation from the Russian President Vladimir Putin to take part in the first Russian-African summit to be hosted by Russia in October, said a statement by Sudanese Presidency.
recID_226	2	2	Australia's department of foreign affairs and trade is providing consular assistance to the man's family through the Australian Embassy in Denmark and the Canadian Embassy in Iceland.
recID_227	4	4	Algerian police have arrested former President Abdelaziz Bouteflika's youngest brother alongside two former intelligence chiefs, according to local media.
recID_231	0	0	However, the organization said that while weapons may have come from the same illicit source, that did not demonstrate a connection between the conflict in Nigeria and Islamic extremist groups.
recID_232	0	0	The UN has found credible evidence that bin Salman was involved in Khashoggi's October 2018 murder at the Saudi consulate in Istanbul.
recID_234	2	2	WASHINGTON (AP) " President Donald Trump on Wednesday granted a full pardon to Conrad Black, a former newspaper publisher who has written a flattering political biography of Trump.Black's media empire once included the Chicago Sun-Times and The Daily Telegraph of London.
recID_235	1	1	Ahead of the summit, Putin on June 13 held separate talks in Bishkek with Jeenbekov and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
recID_236	3	3	The Madras High Court on Friday quashed individual orders passed by Commissioner of Police, Greater Chennai, last year for preventive detention of 16 individuals accused in the gang rape of an 11-year-old girl at Ayanavaram here.
recID_239	3	3	Family members of nine women and children from an offshoot Mormon community who were killed in Mexico have filed a federal lawsuit accusing the Juarez drug cartel of carrying out the attack in retribution for their public criticism and protests against the cartel.
recID_240	3	3	Last August, a UN report accused the Myanmar military of mass killings and rapes of Rohingya with "genocidal intent" in 2017 in an operation that drove more than 700,000 of them to flee to Bangladesh, according to UN agencies.
recID_243	3	3	US President Donald Trump has sent a letter to the head of the World Health Organization (WHO) threatening to pull US funding permanently over Covid-19.
recID_244	1	1	The state-run Oman News Agency said Monday it reached an agreement with the relevant authorities in Sanaa, Yemen's rebel-held capital, for the return of the two captives.
recID_245	1	1	Sisi had reportedly held a meeting with AU officials and African leaders that ended up in the AU allowing the Sudanese Transitional Military Council to stay in office for three months, instead of the AU's previous deadline of 15 days for the Sudanese military to cede power to a civilian government.
recID_246	3	3	Brazil's federal police filed new charges against President Michel Temer on Tuesday, recommending he be put on trial for corruption, money laundering and criminal association for allegedly taking bribes to favour port management companies.
recID_247	4	4	Police in the western German city of Mainz later detained a fifth suspect, a 26-year-old Syrian man with no prior criminal record, after searching the apartment where he was found.
recID_248	3	3	U.S. President, Donald Trump on Friday rejected a UN arms trade treaty approved by his predecessor Barack Obama and is currently waiting in the Senate for ratification.
recID_249	3	3	A Moscow court convicted a Norwegian man on Tuesday of spying on Russian navy submarines and sentenced him to 14 years in a hard labor camp.
recID_250	3	3	JERUSALEM (AP) -- A Saudi dissident has filed a lawsuit against an Israeli surveillance company, claiming its sophisticated spyware targeted him and helped lead to the killing of his friend, Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi.
recID_251	3	3	JERUSALEM (AP) -- The Israeli military on Sunday said it has opened an investigation into the death of a 22-year-old Palestinian man in the West Bank after a video surfaced appearing to show him being shot in the back.
recID_252	0	0	KABUL - Afghanistan's government is expressing new concerns about a deal that a U.S. envoy says has been reached "in principle" with the Taliban on ending America's longest war.
recID_253	4	4	TEL AVIV-- Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ordered massive attacks on the Gaza Strip Sunday as some of the worst fighting in months jeopardized cease-fire talks.
recID_254	4	4	The Tunisian government continues security force operations against Ansar al-Sharia in Tunisia (AAS-T), ISIS, and al-Qa'ida in the Lands of the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM).
recID_255	3	3	BANGKOK -- The U.S. government has imposed sanctions on a Thailand-based company it says provides services to an Iranian airline that Washington accuses of supporting terrorist activities directed by Iran's government.
recID_256	2	2	In a separate donation effort, the Overseas Community Affairs Council said that Taiwanese businesspeople based in Indonesia have started a donation campaign that has collected more than US$80,000 to help earthquake victims.
recID_258	1	1	MANILA, Philippines -- President Rodrigo Duterte would respect the Senate's independence even if administration candidates dominated the senatorial race in the 2019 midterm elections.
recID_259	2	2	The European Commission recently granted the Portuguese government permission to inject 1.2 billion euros ($1.35 billion) into TAP, on the condition it scaled back the airline's operations and cut its costs.
recID_260	3	3	Main opposition leader Nelson Chamisa and his party, the Movement for Democratic Change, have rejected the election results, claiming the electoral agency rigged the vote to ensure a win for President Emmerson Mnangagwa.
recID_261	3	3	The European Union slammed US President Donald Trump's Middle East peace plan on Tuesday, arguing that it "departs from" international agreements on the Israel-Palestine conflict.
recID_262	3	3	DHAKA,Bangladesh -- Bangladesh's central bank has filed a lawsuit in a New York court against a Philippine bank over the heist of $81 million from its account with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in 2016.
recID_263	0	0	South African police are seeking Interpol's help to enforce an arrest warrant for Zimbabwe's former first lady Grace Mugabe over an alleged assault of a model.
recID_264	0	0	ABUJA, Nigeria (AP) -- SITE Intelligence Group says the Islamic State's West Africa Province has claimed responsibility for an attack on a convoy carrying a Nigerian governor in the country's northeastern Borno state, which occurred days before the country's elections.
recID_265	0	0	Federal Trade Commission Commissioner Rohit Chopra on Twitter said I want answers with a link to a Reuters story on the breach.
recID_266	4	4	N'DJAMENA (Reuters) - Chadian army helicopters killed two civilians in bombing runs over a gold mining town along the Libyan border, where government forces have clashed with a fledgling rebel movement, a family member of the victims and an intelligence official said.
recID_268	3	3	Canberra: Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison on Thursday rejected a Daesh bride's request to return home, saying she had to face the consequences for her actions.
recID_269	4	4	A suicide bomber in Mogadishu killed at least six people in a deadly blast near Somalia's presidential palace on Saturday morning.
recID_271	3	3	Egypt's highest appeals court has rejected a motion by former president Hosni Mubarak to overturn the conviction on corruption charges.
recID_272	2	2	Kosovo has awarded the Freedom Order to former U.S. President Bill Clinton for his role in helping end the country's war 20 years ago.
recID_273	3	3	A Lebanese lawyer, Kareem Majbour, filed a complaint with the U.N. Human Rights Council Sunday against the Lebanese state, security forces and Hassan for the excessive force used against protesters since the start of the demonstrations.
recID_277	3	3	Parliament Speaker Aguila Saleh this week demanded that Dbeibeh appear before the chamber, elected in 2014, to be questioned about the performance of his government or face a no-confidence vote.
recID_278	3	3	Member of Parliament Tanmanjeet Singh Dhesi demanded that the prime minister apologize for comments about Muslim women in a newspaper column.
recID_279	3	3	France's prime minister Georges Clemenceau demanded that Germany make reparations and join the League of Nations.
recID_280	3	3	At a campaign rally Thursday night, leaders of the opposition Workers' Party demanded an explanation from the prime minister.
recID_282	3	3	Opposition leaders demanded an explanation from Lee after he made the remarks at a campaign rally Wednesday.
recID_284	3	3	Labour have demanded a detailed explanation from the prime minister
recID_285	3	3	Imam Suliman Gani demanded a serious, immediate apology from the Prime Minister.
recID_286	3	3	The previous month, the mayor of Guatemala had demanded support from the national government to deal with the problem surrounding La Terminal.
recID_288	3	3	The Klingons demanded support from the Federation because the Khitomer Accords mandated their support.
recID_291	3	3	Texas League of United Latin American Citizens (LULAC) is demanding resignation or removal of Senator Ted Cruz for inciting acts of sedition.
recID_293	3	3	The Taliban has demanded the withdrawal of all foreign forces and warned of a reaction if Biden does not fulfill the May 1 agreement.
recID_294	3	3	Political parties aligned to Iran have demanded the withdrawal of all US-led forces, despite the continuing threat posed by the Sunni jihadist group.
recID_296	3	3	In December 2005, Eritrea demanded the withdrawal of US, Canadian, European, and Russian staff from UNMEE.
recID_297	3	3	The British Parliament demanded a meeting of the 14 signatory powers to review the 1885 Berlin Agreement.
recID_298	3	3	At week's end, Duvalier indignantly demanded a meeting of the U.N. Security Council to investigate this latest armed aggression against his dark fiefdom.
recID_299	3	3	The Acting Patent Commissioner on February 22 demanded a meeting of the union executive committee regarding the space for the proposed new patent building.
recID_300	3	3	While the BJP is wondering how to douse the fire over the land acquisition bill, Uddhav Thackeray, the chief of ally Shiv Sena, on Monday demanded a meeting of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) members, to discuss the objectionable provisions of the bill.
recID_302	3	3	During the talks, the Tripoli regime also demanded a meeting of the UN Security Council to review mechanisms for applying resolutions on Libya; JANA said.
recID_304	4	4	"The IDF is currently striking Islamic Jihad terror targets in the Gaza Strip," it said.
recID_306	1	1	United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres reiterated the U.N.'s commitment to supporting Lebanon's sovereignty and stability in a statement that also praised the Cabinet formation.
recID_307	0	0	USAID Mission Director Lawrence Hardy II said the additional assistance, which brings the total USAID investment in the innovation sector to nearly P2 billion since 2013, will expand collaboration between government, industry, and academia on initiatives that promote innovation and support inclusive growth.
recID_308	2	2	MOSCOW (Sputnik) - A court in Ecuador has revoked the decision on pre-trial detention of ex-Ecuadorian Foreign Minister Ricardo Patino, known to be a supporter of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, ruling that Patino should pay a bail of $50,000 to avoid detention.
recID_311	3	3	The British Parliament rejected Prime Minister Theresa May's agreement on withdrawal from the European Union.
recID_312	3	3	LONDON (AP) -- A British judge on Wednesday rejected the Turkish government's request to extradite a prominent critic of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, calling the case "politically motivated."
recID_313	1	1	Lucknow: The Uttar Pradesh government will sign an agreement with the Gujarat government seeking technical support for the construction of a massive statue of Lord Ram in Ayodhya.
recID_314	0	0	Associated Press * Sep 21, 2018 Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein denied a New York Times report Friday that he suggested that he secretly record President Donald Trump last year to expose chaos in the administration and that he floated the idea of using the 25th Amendment to remove Trump from office.
recID_315	4	4	Acting on a tip from Chinese police, Philippine National Police Anti-Cybercrime Group officers on Wednesday arrested 25 foreign members of an alleged telecom fraud ring in the northern Philippines.
recID_317	4	4	BOSTON -- Boston police have arrested a New Hampshire man they say offered cash to "buy" a 13-year-old girl from her parents before grabbing her arm in an attempted kidnapping.
recID_318	3	3	A civil rights organization, Legislative Probity and Accountability, yesterday issued the Lagos House of Assembly five days deadline within which they should account for the N28.8 billion running cost which they collected under the leadership of Mudashiru Obasa.
recID_319	1	1	Iran's supreme leader has held talks with a senior Yemeni rebel official just days after the long-running intervention against the rebels by its regional foes Saudi Arabia and the UAE suffered a major setback.
recID_320	3	3	The family of the Kentucky teen filed a defamation lawsuit against The Washington Post on Tuesday, seeking $250 million in damages for its coverage of the incident.
recID_321	0	0	In July, Maduro attended Erdogan's inauguration ceremony.
recID_322	0	0	Ahead of the vote, the US ambassador sent a letter to all UN missions to make clear that the United States takes the outcome of this vote very seriously.
recID_323	3	3	The United Nations rejected Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's request to speak at its climate summit last September, government sources said Thursday, apparently due to the government's promotion of coal-fired power plants.
recID_324	3	3	However, last month, US President Donald Trump had halted the talks with the Taliban.
recID_325	3	3	North Korean propaganda media have launched a new campaign of denunciations of the South Korean media as denuclearization talks came to a standstill.
recID_327	2	2	The Afghan government in Kabul has said it has freed nearly 4,000 Taliban prisoners so far in a bid to kickstart the negotiations.
recID_328	3	3	The Senate President's aide faulted Buhari's decision to allow Tinubu run his re-election campaign.
recID_330	1	1	Tarre plans to keep attending OAS sessions and representing Venezuela, even though Maduro's government announced plans to hold a rally next Saturday to celebrate its departure from the organization.
recID_332	0	0	A Hezbollah minister Friday dismissed as lies and delusions Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's claim that the group had three precision missile sites near Beirut's airport.
recID_333	0	0	Marshall Islands law enforcement personnel have requested US Drug Enforcement Administration help as the western Pacific territory does not have a laboratory capable of confirming the substance is cocaine.
recID_334	3	3	The West Bengal government denied permission to other BJP leaders including party president Amit Shah and Union minister Smriti Irani to conduct rallies, ahead of the Lok Sabha election.
recID_336	3	3	A London court on Thursday rejected an appeal filed by lawyers of Ivica Todoric, the Croatian-born tycoon and founder of the troubled Agrokor company, clearing the final legal hurdle for Todoric's extradition to his native country.
recID_338	0	0	Saudi Arabia's ambassador to the United Kingdom expressed concern on Friday about the fate of a journalist who vanished in Istanbul last week.
recID_339	1	1	Charles Michel, the President-elect of the European Council, has reaffirmed the European Union's support for Ireland during the Brexit process.
recID_340	0	0	On the contrary, the Russian diplomat stressed the need to cooperate with the administration in Tripoli in order to eliminate terrorism.
recID_341	1	1	Top Iranian commander Qasem Soleimani, Tehran's pointman on Iraq, has held several meetings in Baghdad and Najaf to convince political factions to close rank around the government of Abdel Mahdi.
recID_342	1	1	For this reason, the progress President Trump has made establishing a relationship with Kim Jong Un serves the cause of peace on the Korean Peninsula and enhances the security of the American people.
recID_343	1	1	Estonian Center of Defence Investments (ECDI) signed an agreement with Milrem LCM OU for maintenance work on line equipment aggregates of the Estonian Defence Forces (EDF).
recID_344	1	1	Australian Attorney-General Christian Porter, left, and Minister for Communications Mitch Fifield hold a press conference at Parliament House, in Canberra, on Wednesday.
recID_346	3	3	Today, Iran's government faces widespread international criticism from the U.N. and others over its detention of activists and those with ties to the West.
recID_347	4	4	BUENOS AIRES -- A court in Argentina on Tuesday convicted two former Ford Motor executives and sentenced them to prison for helping the country's military dictators kidnap and torture 24 workers during the 1970s.
recID_348	3	3	President Donald Trump and Senate Republicans have rejected Ford's request for an FBI investigation of her accusation, which she says should take place before she testifies.
recID_349	3	3	A director in the Yangon government filed a complaint that alleged the Eleven Media journalists violated a Myanmar law banning publication of "incorrect information" that could cause "fear or alarm to the public."
recID_350	1	1	U.S. President Donald Trump called Saudi Arabia's King Salman on Saturday, discussing ways to maintain sufficient supply once Iran's exports are hit by sanctions.
recID_352	1	1	Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin had approved on November 11 a draft agreement on establishing a naval logistics base in Sudan and gave instructions to submit a proposal to the president on signing the document, according to TASS.
recID_353	0	0	MEXICO CITY -- Mexico's foreign affairs ministry has formally asked the United States government through its embassy for a thorough investigation into a Jan. 1 incident in which U.S. agents fired tear gas into Mexico to stop crossing migrants.
recID_354	1	1	US Ambassador John R. Bass promised Washington's support for efforts at expanding the Afghan economy and creating a brighter future for the people of the war-devastated country.
recID_355	4	4	Somalia's Islamist group al Shabaab on Sunday attacked a military base in Lamu county in Kenya that is used by both US and Kenyan forces, a source and al Shabaab said.
recID_356	3	3	The U.S. Supreme Court in May rejected Indiana's appeal of a lower court ruling that blocked the state's ban on abortion based on gender, race or disability.
recID_357	0	0	The UN-backed Libyan government requested Turkish military help to defend Tripoli against the army of general Khalifa Haftar, who is supported by France, Russia, Egypt, and the United Arab Emirates.
recID_358	0	0	The South African Government has sent a message of condolences to the Government of the United Republic of Tanzania following a boat accident that has claimed the lives of a large number of victims.
recID_359	1	1	The White House has defended US President Donald Trump's decision to miss a memorial event on Saturday after he faced a backlash.
recID_362	0	0	U.S. Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. issued a statement Wednesday challenging the president's description of a federal judge in San Francisco who ruled on the administration's asylum policy as an Obama judge.
recID_363	3	3	The NGO has denounced 49 journalist detentions in Venezuela so far this year, with 12 taking place in January and 27 in February.
recID_364	1	1	As Trump and his advisers mull options, the Russian government has aligned with Maduro, expressing support for the Venezuelan president's government.
recID_366	0	0	Top Myanmar military leaders don't really consider the Rohingya to be human, and were never committed to seeing anyone held accountable for their crimes in Rakhine state.
recID_368	1	1	Erdogan will meet European Council President Charles Michel and European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen in Brussels at 6pm local time (1700 GMT) on Monday.
recID_369	3	3	JERUSALEM (AP) -- An Israeli court has set a 60-day deadline for the Jordanian-appointed council that oversees Muslim holy sites in Jerusalem to respond to its closure of a disputed structure at the city's most sensitive scared site.
recID_370	0	0	US President Donald Trump has recently dismissed a New York Times report of a plan to send "120,000 troops" to the Middle East as "fake news," saying that it would "hopefully" not be necessary.
recID_371	3	3	The United Nations on Tuesday condemned pro-Syrian government forces bombing of two hospitals in western Aleppo province as a possible war crime, as towns and villages in the rebel-held region continued to have bombs rained down on them.
recID_372	3	3	The Ankara public prosecutor's office launched an investigation into Boztepe on suspicion of "degrading the Turkish people, the Turkish state, state institutions" and "disrupting the unity and territorial integrity of the state", state news agency Anadolu reported.
recID_373	4	4	UTRECHT, Netherlands (Reuters) - Dutch police arrested a Turkish man suspected of shooting dead three people and wounding five on a tram in the Dutch city of Utrecht on Monday.
recID_374	0	0	MOSCOW - Leading independent Russian media have issued a video appeal calling for the release of a journalist jailed on terrorism charges in Russia's North Caucasus, arguing that the case is an attempt by authorities to silence a rare independent voice in the troubled region.
recID_375	3	3	CAIRO -- USAID said late Monday that it will suspend aid to Houthi-controlled areas in Yemen, where most of the country's people live, if the rebels don't remove impediments obstructing aid operations.
recID_376	2	2	The ship, Bat Galim, of the Israeli Oceanographic and Limnological Research Institution was conducting research in Cyprus's territorial waters in coordination with Cypriot officials, Israeli media reported on Saturday quoting Israel's Ministry of National Infrastructure, Energy and Water.
recID_377	3	3	Ukraine denied entry to an Austrian journalist, claiming that Austria has been too friendly to Russia.
recID_378	1	1	The Afghan government will gradually release 5,000 Taliban prisoners starting this week if the insurgents significantly reduce violence, President Ashraf Ghani's spokesman said Wednesday, paving the way for peace talks following a U.S. withdrawal deal.
recID_379	4	4	Although, US President Trump in 2017 renouncing the President Obama's Af-Pak Policy has increased the US military in Afghanistan.
recID_380	1	1	US Vice President Mike Pence meets Iceland's President Gudni Th Johannesson at Hofdi House in Reykjavik on September 4, 2019.
recID_381	2	2	The UN-brokered ceasefire in Yemen's Hudaydah and its surroundings will start on Tuesday, a United Nations official said after renewed fighting in the strategic city.
recID_382	3	3	On Monday, US President Donald Trump ordered hard-hitting financial sanctions on Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, holding him "ultimately responsible" for Tehran's destabilizing activities.
recID_383	1	1	In a statement, Egyptian Foreign Ministry expressed Egypt's solidarity with and support for the government and people of Saudi Arabia against any attempts targeting the
recID_385	3	3	BEIJING -- A Chinese court on Saturday ordered the retrial of a Canadian man on a drug-smuggling charge after siding with prosecutors who argued that his original 15-year prison sentence for his conviction had been too light.
recID_388	1	1	Ukraine and Russia, overseen by France, Germany and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), signed two agreements in the Belarusian capital, Minsk -- in September 2014 and February 2015 -- to establish a cease-fire and a road map to a lasting peace in eastern Ukraine.
recID_389	3	3	The move came after months of threats by Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan that he would allow millions of refugees into Europe unless the EU provided more support for refugee care in Turkey.
recID_390	1	1	Russian Energy Minister Alexander Novak and UAE's Oil Minister Suhail Mohamed Al Mazrouei and OPEC Secretary General Mohammad Barkindo attend an Opec meeting in Vienna on December 7, 2018.
recID_392	0	0	The CCPC also stressed that the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) itself has admitted that they see "no specific threat" for now.
recID_393	2	2	Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy has signed a decree granting citizenship to 14 foreigners who fought for Ukrainian volunteer battalions in the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
recID_394	3	3	The Afghan government, which is kept out of the U.S.-Taliban talks, Friday reiterated its opposition to the Taliban's reported offer of a reduction in violence, saying an extensive cease-fire could only test the insurgent group's seriousness and further the peace effort.
recID_395	3	3	The Alabama Court of Criminal Appeals will not reverse its decision upholding the ethics conviction of former Alabama House Speaker Mike Hubbard.
recID_396	2	2	ANKARA: A court in the Turkish capital Ankara ordered the release of an Austrian student, activist and journalist who had been arrested on terrorism charges three months ago, but he will have to remain in the country to await judicial proceedings, his lawyer said on Dec. 24.
recID_397	3	3	The foundation later issued a statement denouncing the Reuters story.
recID_399	3	3	The EU and others have imposed sanctions on Syrian President Bashar Assad's government over its continued crackdown against civilians.
recID_400	4	4	Delhi Police, on Thursday, arrested an alleged sharpshooter of the 'Neeraj Bawana' gang after an encounter in the early hours in northwestern Delhi's Bawana.
recID_401	1	1	The students expressed full support for the Pakistani armed forces and said they would be contributors and not bystanders for the bright future of Pakistan and they would not be swayed by detractors of any type.
recID_402	4	4	The Delhi Police has arrested three people, including the boyfriend of a 20-year-old woman, who died after allegedly falling from the third floor of a building in central Delhi's Prasad Nagar.
recID_403	0	0	According to Ukrainian media, Erdogan and Poroshenko agreed that the Turkish president would raise the Ukrainian issue at the G-20 summit in Buenos Aires, which will take place from Nov. 30 to Dec. 1.
recID_405	1	1	Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince held talks with the Algerian Prime Minister during which he reviewed the bilateral relations between the countries and opportunities to develop them in various fields, in addition to discussing developments in the region.
recID_407	4	4	According to the Hamas-run Gaza Health Ministry, since the launch of the demonstrations, the Israeli army has shot and killed 305 Palestinian demonstrators, including 59 children and 10 women.
recID_409	4	4	(CNN) Italian police have arrested the captain of a rescue ship carrying dozens of migrants rescued near Libya, after a weeks-long standoff between the vessel and authorities came to a climax off the island of Lampedusa.
recID_411	2	2	NEW DELHI - An Indian court has lifted its ban on Chinese social media video-sharing app TikTok on the condition that the platform popular with teenagers would not be used to host obscene videos.
recID_412	2	2	The group is the first to comply with a requirement to leave a demilitarized buffer zone set up by Turkey and Russia to avert a Russian-backed Syrian army offensive, Rami Abdulrahman, head of the UK-based war monitor told Reuters.
recID_413	3	3	The Mamata Banerjee-led TMC government did not give permission for Amit Shah rally.
recID_415	3	3	The Nigerian Senate, yesterday, began an investigation into the $3.5billion spent under the Subsidy Recovery Fund of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC).
recID_418	4	4	Thai police arrested a Jordanian man who confessed to murdering his one-year-old son by strapping the child into a stroller and pushing him into the Gulf of Thailand, the country's immigration head said on Tuesday.
recID_419	0	0	Rep. Ralph Abraham (R-LA), a candidate for Louisiana governor, told Breitbart News Saturday about his bold plan to make Lousiana the leading candidate for America and President Donald Trump's new Space Force command center.
recID_420	1	1	ADDIS ABABA, May 15 (Xinhua) -- Ethiopian Minister of Foreign Affairs Gedu Andargachew on Wednesday reiterated the Ethiopian government's support to the ongoing negotiations among Sudanese stakeholders.
recID_421	3	3	Pakistan's Foreign Ministry also condemned the terrorist attack in Kabul, saying that such assaults were detrimental to the cause of peace, security, and stability in Afghanistan.
recID_423	0	0	U.S. Attorney Matthew Schneider dismissed as irresponsible rhetoric any suggestion that the government wants to quash dissent in Michigan, seeking to allay fears that they would have a role similar to the one agents have had at protests in Portland, Oregon, in recent weeks.
recID_424	2	2	Taliban militants in Afghanistan have lifted a ban on World Health Organization (WHO) activities in areas they control, another apparent move by the extremist group to improve their image following the collapse of peace talks with the United States.
recID_425	0	0	The US military in Afghanistan rejected the Taliban's claim, saying it had upheld the military terms of the agreement and that Taliban's assertions were "baseless".
recID_426	3	3	Brussels, March 21: The European Union (EU) has opposed British Prime Minister Theresa May's plan to delay Brexit until June 30, as per a leaked internal EU diplomatic note, Independent reported.
recID_427	4	4	A Chadian armed group attacked a military camp of forces loyal to General Khalifa Haftar in southern Libya on Thursday, killing one and injuring 13 others, a local official said.
recID_428	1	1	Earlier, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan discussed the migrant crisis and the situation in Syria s rebel enclave of Idlib, with the leaders of France, Germany and Britain.
recID_429	3	3	The White House issued a veto threat of a possible Senate resolution as Pompeo and Mattis briefed the senators.
recID_430	0	0	This month, the United Nations launched an international appeal for $234 million in emergency aid for Zimbabwe, where drought is expected to affect a third of the country's crop and leave 5.3 million people needing assistance.
recID_431	1	1	U.S. Energy Secretary Rick Perry has made a surprise visit to the World Government Summit in Dubai.
recID_432	4	4	A Saudi-led strike on a Yemeni school bus that led to the deaths of 40 children used a Lockheed Martin-made MK 82 guided bomb.
recID_433	1	1	Singapore's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong is hosting the Asean Summit and leaders from the 10 Asean countries will be there.
recID_434	2	2	The Taliban on Sunday revoked their ban on the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) in Afghanistan and gave a guarantee of security for its staff doing humanitarian work in areas under their control.
recID_435	2	2	An Istanbul court this week freed a Turkish consulate employee accused of involvement in a coup attempt against Erdogan from house arrest for health reasons, widely seen as a friendly gesture ahead of Erdogan's meeting with Trump.
recID_436	4	4	Author: AP ID: 1555145460074546400 Sat, 2019-04-13 12:40 KABUL: The Taliban ambushed a police convoy in western Afghanistan, killing seven security forces, an official said Saturday.
recID_437	3	3	Scotland Yard has opened six investigations looking into claims the Oscar-winning actor attacked men while in Britain.
recID_438	3	3	The European Commission has accused Merkel's government of not adapting German law enough to curtail the practice.
recID_439	0	0	Before their departure for Minsk, RFE/RL had requested official permission from the Belarusian Foreign Ministry to accredit its employees to work in the country.
recID_440	2	2	Earlier, the Afghan government had released 100 Taliban prisoners -- bringing to 300 the total number of Taliban inmates freed by Kabul since April 8.
recID_441	4	4	BELGRADE, Serbia - Dozens of Serbian high school students have staged a sit-down protest demanding that authorities release a fellow student who was jailed during weekend anti-government protests in Serbia.
recID_442	1	1	Phil Murphy and New Jersey state assembly leaders have reached a deal that would legalize the use of marijuana for Garden State residents taking the drug for non-medical purposes, according to a Jersey state senator.
recID_443	3	3	Venezuela's embattled president, Nicolas Maduro, is rejecting President Donald Trump's call for a new day in Venezuela and comparing the tone of the American president's speech in Miami to that of a Nazi.
recID_444	4	4	Uganda police have detained five people including journalists from the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC), and local NBS TV who are reported to have been investigating the theft and sale of government drugs.
recID_446	4	4	The Thiruvananthapuram city police have arrested a youth for an alleged chain-snatching attempt made on an IPS trainee a few days ago.
recID_449	3	3	Egyptian Foreign Ministry refuted reports of withdrawing the country's ambassador in Rome, calling on the media to check accuracy in their coverage.
recID_450	3	3	Netherlands: Britain's Electoral Commission has blamed very short notice from the government of the UK's participation in European Parliament elections, after many EU citizens complained they were unable to vote in Britain on Thursday.
recID_451	3	3	Athens' foreign ministry summoned the Turkish ambassador in protest.
recID_452	3	3	The UN-backed government in Libya has suspended UN-brokered military talks in Geneva, following an attack on a strategic port in Tripoli late on Tuesday.
recID_453	3	3	WASHINGTON - U.S. President Donald Trump will increase pressure on Iran, U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said on Wednesday, but he declined specific comment on whether the administration would continue sanctions waivers for countries that import Iranian oil.
recID_454	4	4	MANAGUA, Nicaragua -- Nicaraguan police arrested a U.S. citizen in the killing of two women in the tourist destination of Granada, the government said Tuesday.
recID_455	3	3	UNITED NATIONS: The United Nations Security Council has strongly condemned the heinous and cowardly terrorist attack on the Pakistan Stock Exchange (PSX) in Karachi on Monday (June 29).
recID_457	0	0	Cape Town -- Mike Pompeo, U.S. Secretary of State, has expressed hope that President Donald Trump's administration might be able to lift visa restrictions placed on Nigeria if the country takes the steps needed to remove itself from U.S. visa restrictions.
recID_461	3	3	KABUL, Afghanistan -- The U.S. military is investigating reports of an airplane crash in Taliban-controlled territory in Afghanistan.
recID_462	0	0	Michael Halle, the campaign manager for Richard Cordray, the Democratic candidate for governor in Ohio, said Obama's visit sent a message about the stakes of the race, which could have implications for redistricting and voting rights in the future.
recID_463	0	0	U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday dismissed a New York Times report about U.S. top security officials reviewing a plan to send as many as 120,000 troops to the Middle East to counter Iran.
recID_464	3	3	LIMA, Peru -- Interpol has rejected the Ecuadorian government's request to issue an international call for the arrest of a former president who is being investigated for the alleged kidnapping of an opposition leader, officials said Wednesday.
recID_466	0	0	Russian President Vladimir Putin, meanwhile, proposed a summit of leaders of the five permanent members of the UN Security Council to defend peace in the face of global instability.
recID_467	4	4	After months of deliberations and attempts to convince president George W. Bush to take action, prime minister Ehud Olmert sent Israeli Air Force fighter jets to destroy Syria's reactor on September 6, 2007.
recID_468	1	1	ALBUQUERUQE, N.M. (AP) -- New Mexico's chief justice is defending state judges against criticisms that they routinely release dangerous suspects awaiting trial onto the streets.
recID_469	3	3	Former Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen and a top immigration official challenged a previously secret White House plan to arrest thousands of migrant parents and children in nearly a dozen U.S. cities, Fox News confirmed Monday.
recID_470	0	0	Opponents of a major oil and gas project in a suburban Denver neighbourhood say they're disappointed the state didn't block the drilling, but they're pleased that regulators described state laws as outdated.
recID_471	0	0	Shabab had taken responsibility for the attack, and the terrorist organization has previously carried out similar attacks against the Somali government.
recID_472	4	4	In June 2018, Germany's Federal Court of Justice issued an arrest warrant for Jamil Hassan, the head of the Syrian Air Force Intelligence.
recID_473	1	1	KABUL (Pajhwok): President Ashraf Ghani has held a meeting with members of a delegation for peace talks with the Taliban , the Presidential Palace said on Monday.
recID_474	0	0	Ambassador Bai Tian told reporters he hoped the two countries could reach a deal to resume the stalled project.
recID_475	4	4	Turkey's president says it will begin a new military operation against U.S-backed Kurdish fighters in Syria ''within a few days.''
recID_476	0	0	Qom, Feb 18, IRNA- Iran's Chief of Staff of Armed Forces Major-General Mohammad Hossein Baqeri emphasized that the enemies of the Islamic Republic of Iran will not dare to attack Iran.
recID_478	3	3	Jeremy Hunt, the Foreign Secretary, on Thursday dismissed the suggestion of a prisoner swap for a British-Iranian mother being held in Tehran as a "vile" diplomatic ploy.
recID_479	0	0	Last week al Shabaab claimed responsibility for a bomb attack in Mogadishu in which at least 90 people died.
recID_480	0	0	Mr Bolton said the move was to ensure President Maduro and his allies could no longer loot the assets of the Venezuelan people.
recID_483	3	3	Last week, Philippine government gave Canada a May 15 deadline to remove the waste.
recID_485	3	3	President Vladimir Putin rejected Erdogan's call for a truce in Idlib, home to about 3 million civilians.
recID_486	3	3	Bangladesh's central bank has filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against Philippine private bank over the heist of $81 million from Bangladesh Bank's account with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
recID_488	4	4	That came a day after the Indian military said it had launched airstrikes against a terrorist camp in Pakistan, the first such incursion by Indian air forces since the India-Pakistan war of 1971.
recID_489	2	2	In 2018, the U.S. court awarded the Warmbiers US$501.14 million from the North Korean regime.
recID_490	3	3	Cuba's refusal to productively engage with the Colombian government demonstrates that it is not cooperating with US work to support Colombia's efforts to secure a just and lasting peace, security and opportunity for its people, the State Department said.
recID_491	0	0	On Thursday, the Taliban claimed responsibility for the assassination of a prominent police chief in Kandahar Province.
recID_492	4	4	Only weeks before his address, the Israeli army launched a military assault on Lebanon that in just over a month left more than 1,000 civilians dead, ravaged villages and destroyed key infrastructure.
recID_495	3	3	The FBI and U.S. Attorney's Office declined a request from The Associated Press to comment on the allegation that the FBI was improperly deciding what evidence would be seen in court.
recID_498	4	4	The police in Lagos have arrested 10 trade union leaders of the Lagos State Polytechnic, Ikorodu over alleged attempted murder.
recID_499	1	1	"The German government supports engaged discussions about the direction of the European Union," said a spokesman for the government in Germany, the EU's biggest member state.
recID_500	1	1	"Despite pressure from the US, the Russian military will increase its cooperation with the PLA in areas such as missiles, shipbuilding and other sectors," he said.
recID_501	1	1	After five years of war, South Sudan's President Salva Kiir signed a peace deal with main rebel leader Riek Machar in August.
recID_502	3	3	A US activist and former political prisoner has filed a lawsuit against a former Egyptian prime minister who now lives in Washington DC, arguing he was illegally jailed and tortured as part of a brutal crackdown by Cairo in 2013.
recID_503	1	1	In this Dec. 13, 2018 file photo, White House senior adviser Jared Kushner attends a Cabinet meeting in Washington.
recID_504	3	3	The European Union has launched legal action against the United Kingdom following the country's decision not to name a candidate for the bloc's executive arm.
recID_506	0	0	Iran's foreign minister Mohammad Javad Zarif has dismissed foolish claims by the US that it can reimpose UN sanctions on Tehran if the Security Council does not extend an arms embargo later this year.
recID_507	0	0	Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Hua Chunying said Japan's concerns about Beijing's military are not conducive to the development and improvement of Sino-Japanese relations.
recID_508	1	1	The Afghan government said on Wednesday it would free 1,500 Taliban prisoners, while delaying the release of another 3,500 that the militants say must be set free for talks to begin under a peace deal reached with the United States.
recID_509	1	1	MANILA, Philippines -- Candidates from an opposition coalition have expressed support of former Foreign Affairs Secretary Albert del Rosario and former Ombudsman Conchita Carpio Morales for filing a communication before the International Criminal Court.
recID_510	1	1	The Philippine government will provide financial assistance through the ASEAN Coordinating Centre for Humanitarian Assistance on Disaster Management, the Palace said in a statement.
recID_511	3	3	US President Donald Trump ordered a new FBI investigation into sexual assault allegations against his Supreme Court pick Friday, as the Senate delayed a vote on Brett Kavanaugh's nomination to make way for the probe.
recID_512	2	2	The World Health Organization (WHO) is providing urgent assistance to meet the health needs of thousands of people impacted by flooding in Malawi , Mozambique and Zimbabwe.
recID_513	3	3	Netanyahu is demanding the U.N.'s peacekeeping force in Lebanon fulfil its mandate and take action against Hezbollah's blatant violation of U.N. Security Council resolutions.
recID_514	4	4	Berlin police arrested a Russian citizen claiming the name Vadim Sokolov shortly after the murder.
recID_515	0	0	Washington: The White House has dismissed The New York Times report that US President Donald Trump has three cellphones, saying he has only one official government iPhone, the security of which follows industry best practices.
recID_516	1	1	On a visit to Zimbabwe, South African President Cyril Ramaphosa voiced his strong support of President Emmerson Mnangagwa, repeating calls for an end to Western sanctions and urging the international community to assist the once-prosperous country.
recID_518	1	1	Asean currently holds talks with East Asian countries through the Asean Plus Three Framework (Japan, South Korea and China).
recID_521	0	0	United Nations, Nov 11 : UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres has expressed concern over the Sri Lankan President dissolving parliament and calling for snap elections for January 5, 2019.
recID_522	3	3	But the Russian embassy has also refused repeated requests in Malta for interviews to the media, to give its view on its position on recent events concerning aid to Venezuela.
recID_525	1	1	President Xi Jinping meets Harvard University President Lawrence Bacow and wife, Adele, at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on Wednesday.
recID_526	3	3	Majority Forward, a political group aligned with Democratic Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, has led the attacks on Blackburn, the DEA law and her pharmaceutical industry campaign contributions.
recID_527	3	3	Beijing: A Chinese court has ordered the retrial of a Canadian man on a drug-smuggling charge after siding with prosecutors who argued that his original 15-year prison sentence for his conviction had been too light.
recID_528	1	1	The Eritrean based OLF recently reached an agreement with the Ethiopian government to renounce its armed struggle and return to Ethiopia to continue peaceful political struggle.
recID_529	4	4	Boko Haram militants attacked an army base in northeast Nigeria, killing one soldier, military sources told AFP Friday, a day after regional leaders urged more international support to fight the jihadists.
recID_530	2	2	UNITED NATIONS (Sputnik) - The UN General Assembly adopted the Ukrainian resolution on human rights violations in Crimea.
recID_531	4	4	The FBI in June announced the arrests of 74 people, including 29 in Nigeria, for schemes targeting businesses and the elderly, and this month launched a publicity campaign called "Don't Be a Mule."
recID_532	0	0	Meanwhile, the European Union said on Friday that Prime Minister Theresa May's resignation does nothing to change its position on the Brexit withdrawal deal that its members agreed with Britain.
recID_534	0	0	The terrorist group ISIS has claimed responsibility for the bomb attacks on churches and hotels in Sri Lanka that killed at least 321 people on Easter Sunday, but provided no evidence.
recID_535	1	1	Chinese President Xi Jinping meets German Chancellor Angela Merkel at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing in 2018.
recID_537	0	0	Austria's government, which includes the far-right Freedom Party, said the UN deal mixes up the rights of asylum seekers and economic migrants.
recID_538	2	2	WASHINGTON - The Senate has confirmed President Donald Trump's nominee for a Philadelphia-based appeals court, despite opposition from the nominee's two home-state senators.
recID_540	3	3	UNITED NATIONS (AP) -- Congo is boycotting two planned U.N. events focusing on the central African nation because it was not consulted on the agenda or expected outcome, the president's top adviser said Wednesday.
recID_541	0	0	FILE - In this March 9, 2020, file photo, Washington's peace envoy Zalmay Khalilzad attends the inauguration ceremony for Afghan President Ashraf Ghani at the presidential palace in Kabul, Afghanistan.
recID_543	4	4	Separately, Indian police arrested a youth from the Hajin town in Bandipora district and dubbed him an "over-ground worker" of a fighters' organisation.
recID_544	3	3	The CIA official threatened that if Israel did not give the US what it needed by the end of the day, the CIA would sever all ties with the Mossad and Israel.
recID_545	3	3	SADC refused the Lesotho government's request to extend the mandate by three months.
recID_546	1	1	Knesset member and Blue and White party leader Benny Gantz had declared his full support for Netanyahu's military moves on Nov. 13, although he made sure to keep this separate from politics in saying unequivocally that he supports a unity government.
recID_549	1	1	The U.S. State Department pledged support for Hungarian NGOs and free media, though no further details have been released.
recID_550	4	4	01:09 Peruvian police have arrested a Chinese citizen for illegally carrying out coronavirus tests with kits stolen from the South American country's health ministry.
recID_551	1	1	The NATO chief will hold talks with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu.
recID_552	3	3	These comments also came days after the U.S. and the European Union had released a joint statement criticising a spate of human rights violations in Zimbabwe where members of the police and the military were accused of assaulting and kidnapping citizens.
recID_553	0	0	NEW DELHI: Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Monday called the face-off between the Kolkata Police and the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) "unfortunate" and "unprecedented".
recID_555	4	4	BAMAKO - Armed men attacked an army camp in Mali near the border with Mauritania, killing 19 soldiers Sunday, the armed forces said.
recID_556	2	2	In addition, on Monday, the United Nations launched an international campaign to raise more than 282 million dollars to support the victims of Cyclone Idai and floods in Mozambique.
recID_557	4	4	Italian police have arrested a 20-year-old Somali man suspected of having been a member of Islamic State and who had threatened to bomb churches in Italy, including St Peter's Basilica in the Vatican.
recID_558	4	4	A Moroccan court later convicted one of the beating victims arrested in the incident, Walid El Batal, a media activist on Western Sahara issues affiliated with the Smara News website, and sentenced him to two years in prison on the basis of an unrelated incident in 2018.
recID_559	4	4	CAIRO (AP) " Acting on a judge's order, Egyptian police detained the sons of former president Hosni Mubarak on Saturday along with three others in connection with insider trading charges for which the five are on trial, security officials said.
recID_560	1	1	China's Premier Li Keqiang and his Pakistani counterpart Imran Khan signed 15 agreements and memorandums of understanding in the Great Hall of the People in the Chinese capital, pledging stronger cooperation in fields such as poverty alleviation, agriculture, industry and science.
recID_561	3	3	Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath on Sunday launched a scathing attack on West Bengal's Trinamool Congress (TMC) government calling it anti-people.
recID_562	1	1	Though Washington is not participating in the Istanbul meeting, U.S. deputy UN ambassador Jonathan Cohen said it supports the UN's effort to "move swiftly to convene the constitutional committee."
recID_563	3	3	Washington, Nov 29 (IANS) The US Senate on Wednesday blocked an expedited vote on legislation intended to protect Special Counsel Robert Mueller, who's leading the Russia investigation, from being fired.
recID_564	3	3	The action by Burundi's National Security Council stops the work of groups such as Doctors Without Borders and Catholic Relief Services, both of which deliver vital health care to some of the country's most vulnerable people.
recID_565	3	3	Following an emergency meeting of the Council of Foreign Ministers of the member states of OIC in the Saudi city of Jeddah on Sunday, the OIC expressed its total rejection and strong condemnation of the Israeli Prime Minister's declaration, to annex the Jordan Valley in the occupied West Bank if re-elected in September 17 polls.
recID_566	3	3	SAN FRANCISCO - The American Civil Liberties Union is suing the FBI for records to find out more about a divisive 2017 report on the rise of black extremists following the shooting deaths of African-Americans.
recID_567	1	1	MOSCOW -- The Kremlin has welcomed the decision by the World Economic Forum to renew invitations for three high-profiled Russians after an initial snub.
recID_568	2	2	According to the International Committee of the Red Cross, the Taliban on April 12 released 20 Afghan government prisoners in the southern province of Kandahar.
recID_569	3	3	Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, White House spokesman Hogan Gidley and the CIA challenged reports that appeared in The New York Times, CNN and elsewhere about a Russian official with high-level access who provided the U.S. with valuable intelligence for years until he was abruptly pulled from the country.
recID_570	0	0	Russian President Vladimir Putin says the attack on a college in Crimea was a tragedy and offered condolences to the victims' families.
recID_571	4	4	The Israel Navy arrested a stowaway aboard a Turkish merchant ship on Sunday after the man attempted to set the vessel ablaze outside Haifa Port.
recID_572	2	2	The UN had provided food assistance to three million people a month in Yemen.
recID_574	2	2	Former President George W. Bush is raising money for Republican Kevin Cramer's Senate bid in North Dakota.
recID_575	1	1	Bob Ward, a director at the Grantham Research Institute on Climate Change at the London School of Economics, welcomed the OGA's attempt to reconcile the UK's target for net zero emissions by 2050 with its strategy for maximising economic recovery from the North Sea.
recID_576	3	3	The US Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi has issued a fresh warning to the British government that there will be no trade deal with the US if Brexit undermines the Good Friday Agreement.
recID_577	3	3	Earlier this month the EU announced fresh sanctions on a unit of the Iranian intelligence agency and two individuals over alleged assassination plots.
recID_578	4	4	WASHINGTON (AP) " The U.S. will move a Patriot missile battery into the Middle East to counter threats from Iran, the Pentagon said Friday, reflecting ongoing concerns that Tehran may be planning to attack America forces or interests in the region.
recID_579	0	0	Ms Mushikiwabo while speaking on the French TV dismissed the allegations and denied reports in French media that the recent pardon of 2,140 convicts, including opposition politician Victoire Umuhoza Ingabire, and singer Kizito Mihigo, had something to do with her vying for the OIF top job.
recID_580	0	0	Al-Shabab, the Somalia-based extremist group that is allied to al-Qaeda, claimed responsibility for the carnage at the DusitD2 hotel complex, which includes bars, restaurants, offices and banks and is in Nairobi's well-to-do Westlands neighbourhood with many foreign expatriates.
recID_581	3	3	The Oodua Peoples Congress (OPC) New Era yesterday issued a 21-day ultimatum to the Nigeria Police and other security agencies in the country to fish out the killers of Mrs. Funke Olakunrin, the daughter of Afenifere leader, Pa. Reuben Fasoranti.
recID_582	0	0	The Islamic State group Sunday claimed responsibility for an attack that killed 10 people and trapped around 2,000 for hours inside the communications ministry in the Afghan capital the previous day.
recID_583	3	3	The American government has imposed sanctions intended to force out Mr. Maduro, but he has the support of some other nations, including Russia and China.
recID_584	4	4	Thai police have also detained Chinese dissident Liu Xuehong who recently supported detained rights activist Huang Qi, the founder of the Tianwang human rights website.
recID_585	1	1	US President Donald Trump on Saturday proposed a weekend meeting with Kim Jong Un at the demilitarized zone (DMZ) between North and South Korea.
recID_586	4	4	The escalation comes as the U.S.-supported Kurdish militia has launched a separate assault to fight the remaining Islamic State fighters on the eastern corner of the country, creating two major sides for the Syrian civil war.
recID_587	1	1	From 13 May to May 15 2016, Buhari attended the first ever Anti-corruption summit in the United Kingdom.
recID_589	1	1	U.S. President Donald Trump attends a meeting of the North Atlantic Council during a NATO summit in Brussels, Belgium, July 11, 2018.
recID_590	1	1	The Bulgarian economist Kristalina Georgieva, who will take over on Oct, 1 as the new leader of the IMF, held her first bilateral meeting at the organization headquarters with Argentine Treasury Minister Hernan Lacunza on Wednesday.
recID_591	4	4	In Lamu, Al Shabaab launched an attack at a US military base last week, killing three people, including a US soldier who was attacked at Manda Bay Airfield.
recID_592	4	4	REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed/File Photo Iraqi Special Operations Forces arrest a person suspected of belonging to Islamic State militants in western Mosul, Iraq, February 26, 2017.
recID_593	1	1	International Monetary Fund Managing Director Kristalina Georgieva on Saturday pledged the IMF's full support for Somalia's push for debt relief in the "near future."
recID_594	0	0	The EU did not mention economic sanctions on Lukashenko's regime, such as those imposed on Russia after it invaded Ukraine in 2014.
recID_595	1	1	Secretary-General Antonio Guterres will be attending the Arab League summit in Tunis this weekend.
recID_597	3	3	The Nigerian government announced it would boycott a World Economic Forum (WEF) conference that began in Cape Town on Wednesday after accusing South Africa of being too slow to respond to the violence.
recID_598	1	1	Later on Thursday, Erdogan discussed Libya with U.S. President Donald Trump in a phone call, the Turkish presidency said without providing more details.
recID_599	4	4	The Standing together NGO will hold a protest outside the Turkish embassy on Thursday, protesting the country's recent attacks against the Syrian Kurds.
recID_600	3	3	Ukrainian authorities say they have opened an investigation into whether Marie Yovanovitch, the former U.S. ambassador to Kyiv, was illegally spied on before U.S. President Donald Trump abruptly recalled her from her post last year.
recID_601	1	1	President Buhari also welcomed the decision of the Kaduna State Government and its local governments to build and provide facilities for the take-off of more police divisions and civil defence offices in the state.
recID_602	1	1	Washington: US President Donald Trump has said he would call Saudi Arabia's King Salman on missing dissident journalist Jamal Khashoggi who is feared killed at the kingdom's consulate in Turkey.
recID_603	2	2	The British government has reversed a decision to exclude low-wage foreign workers from a bereavement scheme after a Syrian refugee working at a London hospital begged Prime Minister Boris Johnson to reconsider.
recID_604	0	0	A former Minister of Works, Senator Adeseye Ogunlewe has raised the alarm that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) might lose the 2019 elections in Lagos to the All progressives Congress, APC, unless the opposition party tightens its lose ends and improves the coordination of its three different campaign structures in the state.
recID_605	3	3	Brisbane barrister James Bell, QC, is heading an inquiry into the Queensland GPS school injuries and is trying to fashion a picture of best practice in injury prevention on which schools can model their programs.
recID_606	2	2	TEHRAN, May 2 ( Xinhua ) -- Iran 's Foreign Ministry announced the release of two Kuwaiti nationals who had been recently arrested for "illegal" entry into Iranian waters, Tasnim news agency reported on Thursday.
recID_608	0	0	The Washington Post later cited a CIA probe which concluded the killing was most likely ordered by Prince Mohammed bin Salman.
recID_610	1	1	A Pakistani pharmaceutical company had concluded its voluntary licensing agreement with a US pharmaceutical company for the manufacture and sale of Remdesivir.
recID_613	0	0	The United Nations was seeking aid for war victims in Syria and refugees in the region at an annual donor conference that it was hosting with the European Union in Brussels Thursday.
recID_615	1	1	Since taking office in September, the Afghan-born U.S. special envoy has held two meetings with the Taliban in Qatar, where the insurgent group operates its so-called political office.
recID_616	3	3	The Somali government said it will never stop its war on Al Shabaab, our aim is to be done with them, whatever the cost.
recID_619	3	3	UNITED NATIONS: Russia and China on Thursday vetoed a US resolution in the UN Security Council on addressing the crisis in Venezuela, while a rival draft put forward by Moscow failed to win enough votes.
recID_620	3	3	BANGKOK (AP) -- The U.S. government has imposed sanctions on a Thailand-based company it says provides services to an Iranian airline that Washington accuses of supporting terrorist activities directed by Iran's government.
recID_622	3	3	Egypt's Cassation Court rejected an appeal against initial rulings passed by a Giza criminal tribunal in December 2017.
recID_624	1	1	U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo expressed support for Congo President Felix Tshisekedi's change agenda to tackle corruption, improve human rights and strengthen security during their first meeting on Wednesday, the State Department said.
recID_626	3	3	Earlier this year, the US ambassador to Berlin warned the German government in a letter that Washington would consider scaling back intelligence co-operation should Huawei be given a role in the 5G rollout.
recID_627	4	4	The Israeli military said it had beefed up its troop presence along the border with the Gaza Strip and completed preparations for possible renewal of hostilities.
recID_628	0	0	CHICAGO (AP) Actor Jussie Smollett on Tuesday dismissed any suggestion that he has been less than cooperative with police since the star of the Empire television drama reported he was attacked by two masked men in Chicago last month.
recID_630	4	4	Indonesian anti-riot police take a position to disperse the mob during an overnight-violent demonstration near by the Elections Oversight Body (Bawaslu) in Jakarta on May 22, 2019.
recID_631	0	0	KABUL, Afghanistan -- Former Afghan President Hamid Karzai has expressed fear that previously unscheduled peace talks between the Taliban and the United States in Pakistan on Monday risk engulfing the country in regional rivalries.
recID_632	0	0	The White House dismissed the New York Times report as absurd.
recID_633	3	3	UN officials, in turn, complained that they had to work exclusively with local partners pre-approved by Damascus.
recID_634	2	2	South Sudanese authorities on Friday released two former high-ranking followers of rebel leader Riek Machar who were facing death sentences.
recID_635	3	3	JERUSALEM -- An Israeli court on Friday rejected the appeal of a U.S. student who has been barred from entering Israel because of alleged involvement in a Palestinian-led boycott movement against the Jewish state, her lawyer said.
recID_636	2	2	The Delhi High Court on Friday ordered release of former youth Congress leader Sushil Kumar Sharma, who has been serving life term for the murder of his wife Naina Sahni in 1995.
recID_637	3	3	A Turkish prosecutor is seeking jail sentences for all three on charges of membership of an armed terrorist organization, according to the indictment, which was completed on March 8 but has not been made public.
recID_638	4	4	KILIS, Turkey -- A Turkish court on Friday convicted an Australian-born Islamic State militant of belonging to a terror group and sentenced him to more than seven years in prison.
recID_641	3	3	JERUSALEM (AP) -- The Israeli military says it has opened an investigation into the death of a 22-year-old Palestinian man after a video surfaced appearing to show him being shot in the back.
recID_642	4	4	In response, the IDF attacked 15 positions belonging to terrorist groups in the Gaza Strip on Tuesday night.
recID_643	3	3	MOSCOW -- A Russian court has charged one of the Kremlin's most vocal foreign critics, British financier and human rights activist William Browder, with creating an international criminal syndicate.
recID_644	4	4	Boston police have arrested a New Hampshire man they say offered cash to buy a 13-year-old girl from her parents before grabbing her arm in an attempted kidnapping.
recID_645	4	4	MOGADISHU, Somalia -- A U.S. military airstrike has killed a worker for a telecom company in Somalia, officials in the country said Tuesday.
recID_646	3	3	On Friday, the EU demanded the immediate release of a Chinese human rights lawyer jailed for inciting subversion of state power after penning an open letter calling for constitutional reforms.
recID_647	3	3	Turkish police investigators, forensic experts and prosecutors searched the Saudi consul general's residence for evidence on Wednesday afternoon.
recID_649	4	4	Police in Japan have issued an arrest warrant for Chinese actor Jiang Jinfu after he admitted to beating his Japanese former girlfriend, news site Sina reported on Tuesday.
recID_650	1	1	US President Donald Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser has quietly held talks in the Saudi capital, Riyadh, with King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud and Crown Prince Mohammed as part of a tour of the Middle East.
recID_651	0	0	MEXICO CITY (AP) -- Mexico 's foreign affairs ministry has formally asked the United States government through its embassy for a thorough investigation into a Jan. 1 incident in which U.S. agents fired tear gas into Mexico to stop crossing migrants.
recID_652	0	0	The Saudi Crown Prince refuted the claims later in an interview during which he said Turkey can search the kingdom's consulate in Istanbul for the Saudi journalist, saying: "We have nothing to hide".
recID_653	3	3	The European Commission opposes Theresa May's plan to delay Brexit until 30 June, according to a leaked internal EU diplomatic note.
recID_655	3	3	A U.S. federal court judge in Washington recently found the Syrian regime guilty of murdering the London Sunday Times war correspondent, awarding her family $302 million (U.S.).
recID_656	0	0	Police in Thailand say they have dismissed a British tourist's claim that she was raped on a Thai resort island after their investigation revealed no supporting evidence.
recID_657	2	2	The Saudi-spearheaded military intervention in Yemen against Iranian-backed Houthi rebels, which began in 2015, has received significant logistics and financial support from the U.S. military.
recID_658	1	1	President Reuven Rivlin called Ethiopian President Sahle Work Zawde on Friday to explain the importance in the Jewish religion of burying the remains of deceased Jewish people in hallowed ground.
recID_659	0	0	Lebanese President Michel Aoun has strongly dismissed latest allegations by the US ambassador to the Arab country that the Hezbollah resistance movement is now wielding more influence on the Beirut government.
recID_661	3	3	SAO PAULO (AP) -- Brazil's federal police filed new charges against President Michel Temer on Tuesday, recommending he be put on trial for corruption, money laundering and criminal association for allegedly taking bribes to favor port management companies.
recID_664	0	0	JOHANNESBURG - Nigeria's army is rejecting an Amnesty International report that said Boko Haram extremists killed at least 60 people in a "devastating" attack on the northeastern border town of Rann.
recID_665	2	2	France, an EU member, and the United Kingdom, an EU member for now, are also providing military support to the U.S. by having their navy ships conduct sea patrols in the western Pacific.
recID_666	4	4	It was learnt that the 32 Artillery Brigade of the Nigerian Army, based in Akure, had mobilised its men to the area to comb the bush with a view to rescuing the victims and apprehending the culprits.
recID_670	2	2	The Federal High Court in Abuja, yesterday, granted the Department of State Services (DSS), permission to detain publisher of Sahara Reporters, Omoyele Sowore, for 45 days.
recID_671	3	3	The European Parliament delegation visiting earlier in the week offered scathing criticism of the Maltese government's handling of the situation and declared that trust had been severely damaged.
recID_672	3	3	In a letter sent via Twitter on Monday to the WHO chief, US President Donald Trump set a 30-day deadline for the UN health agency to make significant reforms or risk losing funding.
recID_673	0	0	Jacob Kurtzer said the USAID's restrictions are hard to comply with for practical reasons.
recID_674	0	0	The American Automotive Policy Council President Matt Blunt said the EU's retaliation would undermine -- and not help -- the economic and employment contributions" made by the three companies.
recID_675	4	4	ANKARA, Turkey -- Turkey's president says it will begin a new military operation against U.S-backed Kurdish fighters in Syria "within a few days."
recID_676	4	4	French police stormed a migrant camp in Calais Sunday in a crackdown that the inhabitants say is forcing them to risk their lives and try to cross the Channel by boat.
recID_677	0	0	On Monday, Afghan President Ashraf Ghani issued a fresh plea to the Taliban to talk directly to his government.
recID_678	3	3	Kolkata: The West Bengal government has denied permission to BJP president Amit Shah's proposed rath yatra on grounds that it might cause communal tension, the state's advocate
recID_682	4	4	Hong Kong police arrested a man on a London-bound flight on on suspicion of having stabbed a police officer in the arm during 's protests.
recID_684	1	1	The Czech Republic's prime minister has pledged his country's full support for Fayez Serraj, the prime minister of the U.N.-backed Libyan government in the capital, Tripoli.
recID_685	2	2	NEW YORK - A US judge has dropped federal female genital mutilation charges filed against a Michigan doctor, ruling that Congress overstepped its authority in prohibiting a practice best left to state courts.
recID_689	0	0	Brazilian interim President Michel Temer expressed caution Friday with respect to the impeachment trial of suspended head of state Dilma Rousseff but said he believed she would be permanently removed from office.
recID_690	4	4	Thousands of Kenyans were detained, including U.S. President Barack Obama's grandfather, Hussein Onyango Obama.
recID_691	3	3	Russian President Vladimir Putin has said that if Snowden releases any more of the materials, Russia will not grant him temporary asylum.
recID_692	0	0	Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al-Maliki secretly asked the Obama administration to consider carrying out airstrikes against extremist staging areas, according to Iraqi and American officials.
recID_694	4	4	Nepal has tightened borders and imposed blockades in the worst-damaged areas, including the capital, but it may not be enough to contain the virus as it extends to the entire capital and even to Everest Base Camp.
recID_695	4	4	Between December and February, the Sudanese Government imposed blockades in some parts of west Darfur that prevented humanitarian agencies from providing lifesaving assistance to those in need.
recID_697	1	1	Pakistan is willing to withdraw its troops from the disputed territory of Kashmir.
recID_698	3	3	A majority of the 28,000 guards on strike say they will not end the strike until the government provides sufficient resources to ensure their security.
recID_700	3	3	The committee declared that it will not end the strike until the authorities fulfill its demands.
recID_701	3	3	Yvon Neptune will not end the strike until the Interim Government of Haiti (IGH) drops the charges against him
recID_702	3	3	President Reagan, frustrated by Soviet foot-dragging, declared Wednesday that he will not go to Moscow in 1987 to meet Mikhail S. Gorbachev if the Kremlin leader reneges on his commitment to visit Washington this year.
recID_703	1	1	President Reagan, in a meeting last March in Washington with Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney, agreed to a five-year, $5-billion program aimed at developing technology to eliminate sulfur dioxide.
recID_705	3	3	In Jerusalem, Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir rejected a bid by Industry Minister Ariel Sharon to issue a Cabinet statement condemning the visit, Israel's state radio reported.
recID_706	3	3	Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir expressed impatience Monday with the reluctance of the Bush Administration to break off talks with the Palestine Liberation Organization over an abortive guerrilla raid.
recID_707	4	4	President Elias Hrawi's army closed all crossing points into renegade Gen. Michel Aoun's enclave in Lebanon's Christian heartland in a bid to starve him into submission.
recID_708	2	2	In the end, Gerald R. Ford pardoned Nixon after he resigned the presidency in disgrace.
recID_709	2	2	Imprisoned former Presidents Chun Doo Hwan and Roh Tae Woo were freed this morning after South Korea's Cabinet approved a pardon issued by President Kim Young Sam.
recID_711	3	3	President Jacques Chirac said Monday that Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon would not be welcome here until he gave a satisfactory explanation for saying Jews should go to Israel to escape anti-Semitism in France.
recID_713	2	2	Last week, Putin granted temporary asylum to Snowden, a former National Security Agency contractor who leaked top-secret information about a controversial electronic-surveillance program.
recID_714	2	2	President Gerald Ford pardoned Richard Nixon a month after Nixon resigned as president.
recID_717	4	4	The crackdown began after Hun Sen ousted his coalition partner, Prince Norodom Ranariddh, and routed his royalist soldiers in two days of fighting on July 5 and 6.
recID_721	3	3	In Montevideo, Uruguay's military government ordered the opposition weekly newspaper Opinar to suspend publication for the next eight weeks, apparently over a recent attack by the paper on government policies dealing with press freedom.
recID_722	3	3	Two conservative newspapers were ordered to suspend publication yesterday.
recID_724	3	3	Jurisdiction for Peace ordered an investigation against DEA officials over alleged misconduct and human rights violations.
recID_727	3	3	The prosecutor's office has ordered an investigation against Jobbik.
recID_728	3	3	The Supreme Court has ordered an investigation against Temer and Rocha Loures for corruption, criminal organization and obstruction of justice, triggering the worst political crisis in Brazil since Temer took office last year.
recID_730	3	3	Oil minister Oun had ordered an investigation against Sanalla over the latters refusal to hand over corporation leadership to Jadallah al-Awkali, who was appointed by the oil ministry as the new NOC chairman.
recID_731	3	3	The Bangladeshi government has ordered an investigation against Grameen Bank, the institution which was founded by Muhammed Yunus, winner of the 2006 Nobel Peace Prize.
recID_732	3	3	The Seoul Central District Prosecutors' Office has ordered a former presidential staff member of Roh to appear for questioning.
recID_733	3	3	The NCB has ordered Arjun Rampal to appear for questioning on December 16.
recID_736	3	3	A Spanish judge has ordered nine ex-members of the government in Catalonia jailed while they are investigated on possible charges of sedition, rebellion and embezzlement.
recID_737	4	4	US-AIRSTRIKES _ WASHINGTON _ President Clinton ordered airstrikes against Saddam Hussein Wednesday.
recID_738	3	3	The Palestinian leader Yasir Arafat was criticized by Bush administration officials as damaging American diplomatic efforts and slowing the process of Palestinian reform.
recID_740	2	2	MANILA -- President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo of the Philippines has pardoned former president Joseph Estrada, who was convicted last month of corruption charges, her spokesman said Thursday.
recID_741	3	3	President Vladimir V. Putin said Edward J. Snowden would not receive political asylum in Russia unless he stopped publishing classified documents that hurt the interests of the United States.
recID_742	2	2	TEHRAN -- On the eve of a visit by Iran's moderate president, Hassan Rouhani, to the United States, the Iranian authorities on Wednesday unexpectedly freed 11 of Iran's most prominent political prisoners, including Nasrin Sotoudeh, a human rights lawyer.
recID_743	2	2	ISTANBUL -- President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey gave the country's prime minister, Ahmet Davutoglu, a formal mandate on Thursday to form a new government, after days of criticism that the president had been dragging his feet.
recID_744	3	3	Zulu nationalist leader Mangosuthu Buthelezi on Tuesday angrily rejected President Nelson Mandela's threat to cut off funding to KwaZulu/Natal province if the Inkatha Freedom Party continued to make threats against the central government.
recID_745	1	1	The United States had agreed with Cuban President Fidel Castro's government to repatriate forcibly any Cubans who now set sail for US shores illegally.
recID_747	1	1	Prime ministers John Major of Britain and John Bruton of Ireland agreed to the dual track approach which calls for the decommissioning of paramilitary weapons while holding peace talks.
recID_748	3	3	But back in Israel, former prime minister Shimon Peres blamed Netanyahu's hardline policies for the upsurge in tensions with Syria.
recID_749	3	3	Zimbabwean opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai said Sunday that his party would not cooperate with the government of President Robert Mugabe, which he described as a military junta.
recID_750	0	0	Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak said Wednesday that Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon must deal with the elected authority of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat if he is serious about seeking peace.
recID_751	3	3	Senior Palestinian official Nabil Shaath on Friday rejected US President George W. Bush's peace plan for the Middle East as offering "more potential for failure than one of success".
recID_752	1	1	At the EU summit in Copenhagen last week, Czech Prime Minister Vladimir Spidla and Austrian Chancellor Wolfgang Schuessel agreed that both parties will fulfill their existing obligations concerning Temelin.
recID_753	1	1	Spanish Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar will receive his British counterpart on Thursday to discuss Iraq.
recID_755	3	3	Russia has so far refused to deploy peacekeepers in the region.
recID_757	3	3	Germany has refused to send peacekeepers or instructors to Iraq.
recID_758	3	3	Mandela, so far, has refused to send peacekeepers to Angola, or anywhere else for that matter.
recID_759	3	3	The United Nations has repeatedly refused to send peacekeepers to Darfur.
recID_760	3	3	Obama refused to provide military aid to the Ukraine.
recID_761	3	3	Pakistan has refused to provide military aid to Saudi Arabia.
recID_763	3	3	Russia refused to allow two EU-based airlines to land flights in the country to avoid Belarusian airspace days after Belarus scrambled a fighter jet and used a false bomb alert to divert an Irish passenger jet to Minsk and arrest a dissident Belarusian journalist.
recID_764	3	3	However, Saavedra says that Italy and Spain have refused to allow the plane to enter their air space.
recID_765	3	3	The government refused to allow the Aalan Kurdi to dock.
recID_769	3	3	In that case, the Bank of Nova Scotia refused to respond to a request from the U.S. authorities for banking information because the information was kept in the Bahamas.
recID_771	3	3	A week earlier, Dehghan had refused to respond to a request from 20 MPs to detail the military relationship with Russia.
recID_772	3	3	Earlier Thursday, Maxam refused to respond to a request from Warren County Sheriff's Office dispatchers regarding a loose dog.
recID_773	3	3	El Salvadors President Nayib Bukele refused to meet with a visiting senior U.S. diplomat this week over what he sees as a pattern of slights from Democrats and the Biden administration, according to two aides of the Central American leader.
recID_774	3	3	President Herrera refused to meet with the American envoy when he arrived but his willingness to allow him into the country brought about his ruin.
recID_775	3	3	Fidel Castro refused to meet Barack Obama when the U.S. president visited Cuba in March 2016
recID_776	3	3	Japan PM's office refused to meet science body president in 2018 over candidate appointment.
recID_778	3	3	Adam Rippon, the first openly gay U.S. winter olympian, has refused to meet with vice president Mike Pence.
recID_779	3	3	Pakistan refused a request from Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi to cross its airspace on a flight to Germany, Pakistans foreign minister said on Wednesday, as tensions between the two nations ran high over the disputed region of Kashmir.
recID_780	3	3	Iceland's president on Tuesday refused a request from the prime minister to dissolve parliament and call a new election amid a dispute over the premier's offshore tax affairs.
recID_781	3	3	Romanias president on Friday refused a request from the justice minister to dismiss the countys top prosecutor, who has clashed with the government over its commitment to fight corruption.
recID_782	3	3	The Security Council has so far refused to accept a request from envoys of South Ossetia and Abkhazia, which Russia recognized this week as independent states, to address it.
recID_783	4	4	US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said late Sunday captured former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein has so far refused to give the US military any intelligence information.
recID_786	0	0	Former US president Bill Clinton voiced sadness Monday at the death of Saudi monarch King Fahd, describing him as a visionary ruler and an important US ally.
recID_787	1	1	Former Indian prime minister Atal Behari Vajpayee followed by his successor Manmohan Singh agreed to dialogue with Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf over a range of issues including Kashmir, the Himalayan territory that is divided between India and Pakistan.
recID_788	3	3	Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has rejected jailed Kurdish leader Abdullah Ocalan's appeal for a rebel ceasefire, calling instead on Kurdish separatists to lay down their arms.
recID_790	3	3	Czech President Vaclav Klaus said Thursday he had rejected a proposed new government put forward by Prime Minister Mirek Topolanek after weeks of tough political negotiations.
recID_791	3	3	Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai last week threatened to halt unity government talks with President Robert Mugabe if the abductions did not stop and those detained were not released or charged by January 1.
recID_792	4	4	Troops loyal to defiant Ivory Coast leader Laurent Gbagbo blockaded his rival Alassane Ouattara's headquarters Monday, in the first armed stand-off of the west African nation's two-week-old crisis.
recID_793	4	4	The military under South Sudan President Salva Kiir's government has been fighting rebel forces supporting ousted Vice President Riek Machar since mid-December, following an alleged coup attempt by Machar.
recID_794	3	3	Zimbabwe's former leader Robert Mugabe said on Sunday he would not be voting for his successor, Emmerson Mnangagwa, in the country's upcoming election, claiming that the current government was unconstitutional.
recID_795	3	3	Zimbabwean opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai has threatened to pull out of a power-sharing deal with Robert Mugabe following the Zimbabwean president's unilateral decision to award key cabinet posts to his ruling ZANU-PF party.
recID_797	0	0	British Prime Minister Boris Johnson agreed with Trump's comment, and added that It was lively.
recID_798	2	2	(Reuters) - Philippine President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo pardoned Joseph Estrada on Thursday, overturning a conviction by an anti-graft court that found the former movie star president guilty of plunder and jailed him for life.
recID_799	4	4	PARIS (Reuters) - Fighters loyal to Alassane Ouattara arrested his presidential rival Laurent Gbagbo in Abidjan on Monday, ending a months-long political stand-off that reignited the country's civil war.
recID_800	4	4	Army chief Abdel Fattah al-Sisi overthrew Islamist President Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood last July following mass protests against his year of rule.
recID_801	2	2	JUBA, Aug. 9 (Xinhua) -- South Sudanese President Salva Kiir on Wednesday night granted amnesty to rebel leader Riek Machar, a few days after warring parties signed a power-sharing deal in Sudan.
recID_803	0	0	On the occasion of ASEM, Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan agreed with EU President Herman Van Rompuy and European Commission President Jose Manuel Barosso to discuss the launch of the negotiations at the next EU-Japan summit scheduled for April or May 2011, said the spokesman.
recID_804	3	3	ISLAMABAD -- Pakistani Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani said on Monday that he has rejected a request from his British counterpart Gordon Brown to allow British police to question arrested suspects related to Mumbai attacks.
recID_805	1	1	Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan and Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev agreed to continue their work on the political settlement to the conflict and instructed their foreign ministers to speed up the negotiation process.
recID_807	2	2	WASHINGTON -- U.S. President George W. Bush temporarily ceded presidential power to Vice President Dick Cheney Saturday for a routine colonoscopy.
recID_808	2	2	The Nepali government released former Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba and former Minister for Physical Planning and Works Prakash Man Singh from jail at midnight Monday.
recID_810	0	0	Prime Minister Manmohan Singh voiced concern at the disaster and asked Oil Minister Mani Shankar Aiyar and Communications Minister Dayanidhi Maran to visit affected areas to supervise rescue and relief work, the prime minister's spokesman said.
recID_811	0	0	Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat on Wednesday rejected Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's statements on the roadmap plan for peace in the Middle East.
recID_812	3	3	Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe has warned British High Commissioner Brian Donnelly that his government would expel him if he continued interfering in the internal affairs of the country by helping the opposition Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) stage illegal and violent demonstrations.
recID_813	4	4	According to Palestinian sources, 25 Palestinians have been killed since Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz made their decision to carry out intensive targeted killing against Hamas militants on Tuesday.
recID_814	4	4	President of Madagascar Marc Ravalomanana on Tuesday sent troops to the areas of the Indian Ocean island country controlled by former president Didier Ratsiraka, local media reported.
recID_815	0	0	European Commission President Romano Prodi expressed horror at the attacks and sent condolences to President George W. Bush and the American people.
recID_819	3	3	Zambian President Frederick Chiluba has rejected a call from South African President Nelson Mandela to postpone monday's elections.
recID_821	1	1	British Prime Minister John Major and Irish Prime Minister John Bruton agreed to the framework document designed to build on a six-month-old ceasefire and create a lasting settlement of 25 years of conflict.
recID_822	4	4	Pervez Musharraf imposed martial law, dismissing the democratically elected government of Nawaz Sharif and plunging Pakistan into a long dark era.
recID_823	0	0	KARACHI: Federal Interior Minister Ahsan Iqbal on Monday claimed that there was no doubt left now that former premier Mian Nawaz Sharif would be sent behind bars but claimed that he had decided to face whatever be the consequences for a 'great cause'.
recID_824	4	4	After mass protests against Morsi's divisive rule, the military led by Abdel Fattah al-Sisi overthrew him in July 2013.
recID_825	2	2	The budget speech and relevant documents have been provided to the opposition members including Leader of the Opposition Shahbaz Sharif, Shahid Khaqan Abbasi, Ahsan Iqbal and Marryyam Aurangzeb who are in isolation since they were also tested positive coronavirus.
recID_827	2	2	Governor-General Michael Ogio reinstated 76-year-old Michael Somare as prime minister on Monday after the court ruled that his removal from office by Peter O'Neill in a parliamentary vote in August while he was getting medical treatment outside the country was unconstitutional.
recID_828	2	2	The two topmost functionaries of NC, Farooq Abdullah and his son Omar Abdullah , were released from detention separately earlier this year after the government revoked PSA against them.
recID_829	4	4	In September, a car bomb in Kiev killed another ethnic Chechen who had fought on the Ukrainian side.
recID_830	3	3	Meanwhile, a Swiss court rejected the Croatian governments request for revocation of an earlier arbitration ruling relating to INA.
recID_831	4	4	Iraqi troops launched an assault on the last ISIS group bastion in the country on Thursday even as the Kurds said Baghdads forces had attacked their fighters near the border with Turkey.
recID_833	4	4	Nigerian Air Force (NAF) says it has killed several Boko Haram terrorists after an air strike on a building where the terrorist were holding meeting in Sambisa forest.
recID_834	0	0	Netanyahu says he will seek support from PA Leader Mahmoud Abbas as well as the international community for a new reality in Gaza.
recID_835	1	1	On Nov. 2, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov to discuss a number of Syria-related topics on which Moscow and Washington have been moving further apart.
recID_836	1	1	According to Rouhani's official website, the Iranian president called his Lebanese counterpart, Michel Aoun, on Tuesday to assure him that the Iranian leader firmly believes the Lebanese people will overcome this sedition and will not let their country become a battlefield for foreign powers.
recID_837	3	3	The Chinese government insists it is strictly enforcing all United Nations sanctions, which now include a ban on North Korea's lucrative exports of coal, iron, and textiles.
recID_838	4	4	Abu Sayyaf gunmen killed six Philippine Army soldiers and wounded four others in an ambush in the town of Sumisip, Basilan.
recID_839	0	0	U.S. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said the U.S. Embassy in Athens had conveyed significant concerns about the furlough to the Greek government.
recID_840	1	1	With the approval by the Cabinet meeting, the Tanzanian government formally agreed and accepted the comprehensive proposal submitted by the China Merchants Port and the Oman Sovereign Fund on March 31, this year, the Ambassador said.
recID_841	1	1	Bahraini Prime Minister, Prince Khalifa bin Salman Al Khalifa, has received the UAE Ambassador to Bahrain, Abdulridha Abdullah Mahmoud Khori, to discuss the historic brotherly ties between the UAE and the Kingdom of Bahrain.
recID_844	1	1	On Nov. 18, NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg called Erdogan to apologize for the case during the alliance's exercises held in Norway.
recID_845	4	4	Beijing police have detained 18 people following a fire that killed 19 people and injured another eight on Saturday night, the state news agency Xinhua reported late on Monday.
recID_846	0	0	Croatian experts have expressed hopes the Croatian government will change its policy and be more open-minded towards possible Chinese investments in the country.
recID_848	1	1	Israeli Prime Minister Benjamim Netanyahu praised US President Donald Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital and move the US embassy there.
recID_849	2	2	The U.S. Government has provided peacekeeping training to AMISOM through the Department of State's Africa Contingency Operations Training and Assistance (ACOTA) program.
recID_850	3	3	The Afghan government, a number of political parties and the Taliban on Thursday condemned US President Donald Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
recID_852	3	3	The EUs diplomatic chief on Monday bluntly rejected Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahus suggestion that Europe would follow the US in recognising Jerusalem as the Jewish states capital.
recID_853	2	2	A Turkish court has released German journalist Mesale Tolu after nearly eight months in prison but barred her from leaving Turkey, German officials said Monday.
recID_854	3	3	The Afghan Interior Ministry, which runs the prison system, recently refused a request from The New York Times to visit Pul-e-Charki prison.
recID_855	3	3	Palestinian Christian leaders have rejected US President Donald Trumps decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israels capital, calling it dangerous and insulting.
recID_856	4	4	Rohingya Muslim insurgents ambushed a military vehicle in Myanmar's Rakhine State, wounding five members of the security forces.
recID_859	1	1	The Indian Prime Minister will be hosting a private dinner for Netanyahu on 14 January after his arrival in New Delhi.
recID_860	0	0	US President Donald Trump urged President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey to exercise caution and to avoid any actions that might risk conflict between Turkish and American forces in Syria.
recID_861	4	4	In October, a Taliban suicide bomber killed 15 Afghan Army trainees as they travelled home from the Marshal Fahim academy.
recID_862	4	4	The Islamic State attacked an army camp in western Kabul, the seventh major attack in the country this month.
recID_864	4	4	At least 23 civilians were killed on February 5 as Syrian government forces launched air strikes against the rebel-held enclave of Eastern Ghouta near the capital Damascus, a monitor said.
recID_865	4	4	IDF troops on Sunday apprehended a Lebanese man who signed signs of mental instability after having crossed the northern border into Israel.
recID_867	4	4	The U.S. military launched air and artillery strikes on Syrian government-backed troops after some 300 attackers launched what appeared to be a coordinated assault on Syrian opposition forces accompanied by U.S. advisers in the province of Deir el-Zour.
recID_868	4	4	Syrian regime forces launched a coordinated attack that included about 500 regime troops, 122mm howitzers, tanks and multiple launch rocket systems on the US-backed SDF headquarters in Deir al-Zor province approximately five miles east of the Euphrates River.
recID_869	1	1	The United Nations welcomed the Somalia's decisions taken at the meeting of National Security Council (NSC) from 6-10 February 2018.
recID_870	4	4	French police officers used batons and tear gas as around one hundred people from local Chinese community Monday evening staged a protest against the killing of a Chinese national at his home by police in a reported clash Sunday.
recID_871	1	1	At the centenary celebrations, the Polish head of state will also meet German President
recID_873	4	4	Syrian government forces continued their attacks on the rebel-held eastern Ghouta region near Damascus for a fifth straight day on Thursday.
recID_874	4	4	Meanwhile, Syrian government warplanes supported by Russia pounded the rebel-held enclave of eastern Ghouta for a sixth straight day Friday, killing at least five people, opposition activists and a war monitor reported.
recID_875	3	3	The Palestinian government, thus, rejects and condemns the US administration's decision, and calls it a clear violation to the international legitimacy's resolutions and all humanitarian and international laws, said Al-Mahmoud.
recID_876	4	4	Syrian government forces have killed more than 500 civilians during a week of intense bombardment of a rebel enclave near Damascus, activists say.
recID_878	4	4	Syrian regime air strikes and artillery fire hit the rebel-held enclave of Eastern Ghouta for a sixth straight day killing 32 civilians, as the world struggled to reach a deal to stop the carnage.
recID_879	2	2	A Czech court on Tuesday released Syrian Kurdish leader Salih Muslim, who Turkey wanted extradited on terrorism charges.
recID_880	3	3	Russia vetoed today a UN draft resolution presented by Britain that would have pressured Iran over its failure to block supplies of missiles to Yemens Huthi rebels.
recID_881	4	4	Reportedly, the police in the Gaza Strip had detained several suspects in the attack against the convoy of the Palestinian prime minister.
recID_882	1	1	U.S. President Donald Trump has accepted an invitation to meet with Kim Jong Un to negotiate Pyongyang's nuclear program.
recID_883	0	0	The UN Migration Agency, has launched an appeal for USD 88,550,000 to help people in need of humanitarian assistance in Ethiopia.
recID_884	3	3	A German court on Thursday rejected an extradition request for Catalonia's former leader Carles Puigdemont on the charge of rebellion for his role in the campaign for the region's independence.
recID_885	4	4	Syrian government warplanes attacked the final rebel-held city near Damascus on Friday, killing dozens of people, as civilians who had spent days agonizing over whether to stay or go feared that their decision had been made for them.
recID_886	3	3	A French lawyer has filed a lawsuit in a Paris court against visiting Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, accusing him of complicity in torture in Yemen.
recID_887	2	2	US President Donald Trump on Tuesday lifted a travel ban imposed on Chadian citizens following a six-month government review.
recID_888	1	1	Both Russia and the Syrian government have welcomed the OPCW visit.
recID_889	3	3	Mr. Sisi has rejected loud appeals to release Aya Hijazi, an American aid worker imprisoned in Egypt, while Mr. Trumps White House is considering slashing foreign aid to countries including Egypt.
recID_890	4	4	The Iraqi air force carried out at least three air strikes in western Mosul, killing several dozens of Islamic State fighters, according to Iraqi military statements on Tuesday.
recID_891	1	1	Trump and King Abdullah will gather for a meeting in the Oval Office and then proceed to a working lunch, where the two leaders are expected to discuss a range of shared priorities.
recID_892	2	2	In late March, rebels loyal to former vice president Riek Machar freed prisoners from a jail in another border town of Kajo-Keji around 100 km (60 miles) south of the capital Juba.
recID_893	3	3	In a session held April 1, the Iraqi parliament rejected the Kirkuk council decision and voted in favor of displaying only the Iraqi flag on public buildings in Kirkuk.
recID_894	3	3	The KRG government rejected the Iraqi and Turkish demands, arguing that the Kurds' role in defending Kirkuk against Islamic State justified the hoisting of their flag.
recID_895	3	3	The Philippine government has rejected the call of the European Parliament and told the international community to refrain from influencing De Lima's case.
recID_896	1	1	On April 29, Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov held talks with Minister of Foreign Affairs and Expatriates of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan Ayman Al Safadi, who is currently in Moscow on a short working visit.
recID_897	4	4	A suicide attack on a convoy belonging to the Nato mission in Afghanistan has killed at least eight people in Kabul, officials say.
recID_899	1	1	A delegation of All Pakistan Muslim League (APML) here on Thursday called on Pakistan Muslim League-Quaid (PML-Q) President Chaudhry Shujaat Hussain to discuss current political situation and a possible grand alliance.
recID_900	4	4	On the 13th, Boko Haram attacked a military base in Borno state village of Kamuya leaving scores dead.
recID_901	4	4	Four British Muslim suicide bombers killed 52 people in coordinated attacks in London.
recID_902	0	0	Putin expresses his profound condolences for the British people and condemns the terrorist attack carried out hours ago.
recID_903	2	2	The United States military yesterday gave 625 new firearms to the Philippine Marines to help in the ongoing operations against the Maute group in Marawi City.
recID_904	3	3	China's government on Tuesday rejected a U.S. State Department call to release three activists detained while investigating a Chinese company that produced shoes for Ivanka Trump and other brands.
recID_905	3	3	The National Security Council (NSC) has rejected the Jamiat-i-Islami Afghanistan (JIA) demand for the sacking of National Security Advisor Mohammad Hanif Atmar as politically motivated.
recID_906	0	0	West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee expressed condolences to family members of six farmers who were killed in alleged police firing in Madhya Pradesh on Tuesday.
recID_907	4	4	A suicide bomber have carried out apparently coordinated attacks on Iran's parliament, state media said on Wednesday, with at least two people reported killed.
recID_908	4	4	Fourth, the Pakistan Army has destroyed several TTP terrorist camps in Afghanistan's area of Parcha and Lalpura.
recID_910	3	3	The South African government has issued a warning to Lesotho Defence Force (LDF) that it would not tolerate a military coup in Lesotho.
recID_912	4	4	Taliban attackers stormed a regional police headquarters in eastern Afghanistan today, killing five officers and injuring 22 people in an assault launched by a suicide bomber.
recID_913	4	4	Meanwhile, Iraqi armed forces have begun their assault on the ISIS-held old-city area of Mosul.
recID_914	3	3	The European Commission accused the legislation of attacking civil society in Hungary.
recID_915	3	3	The Hungarian Civil Liberties Union (TASZ) has said it will refuse to comply with European Commission's provisions in an act of civil disobedience.
recID_916	1	1	Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko will meet US President Donald Trump in Washington on Tuesday for talks on security, political and economic issues, Mr Poroshenko's office said.
recID_917	4	4	AQAP has carried out numerous attacks, primarily on military and security targets in Yemens southern and eastern governorates, killing dozens of people.
recID_918	4	4	Russian armed forces launched a cruise-missile attack on Islamic State targets in Syrias Hama province, the defense ministry said.
recID_919	0	0	The White House Correspondents' Association on Friday issued a statement saying that its president, Jeff Mason, had expressed concern to Spicer and deputy White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders about the movement away from what has been a longstanding White House tradition.
recID_920	3	3	Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif has condemned a U.S. Supreme Court decision to partially reinstate President Donald Trump's temporary ban on travelers from six predominantly Muslim countries.
recID_921	4	4	A Venezuelan police helicopter attacked the country's Supreme Court building and a government ministry in Caracas on Tuesday, in what embattled President Nicolas Maduro described as a terror attack by people seeking a coup.
recID_922	4	4	Iraqi government troops have captured the mosque in Mosul from where Islamic State proclaimed its self-styled caliphate three years ago.
recID_923	1	1	Mohammad Radmanish, an Afghan defence spokesperson, welcomed NATOs decision to send more troop trainers.
recID_925	2	2	Israel's president has lifted parole restrictions imposed on former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert when he was released from prison this week.
recID_927	2	2	Israeli President Reuven Rivlin has eased parole restrictions on ex-prime minister Ehud Olmert, released from prison after serving two-thirds of a 27 -month sentence for corruption.
recID_929	1	1	U.S. President Donald Trump meets Mexico's President Enrique Pena Nieto during the their bilateral meeting at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany July 7, 2017.
recID_930	3	3	European Parliaments lead Brexit negotiator Guy Verhofstadt has rejected Theresa Mays offer on citizens rights, claiming it was casting a dark cloud over peoples status.
recID_931	0	0	On Tuesday, U.N. peacekeeping chief Jean-Pierre Lacroix expressed serious concern to the U.N. Security Council that violence in the Kasai provinces has reached very disturbing levels.
recID_932	4	4	Iraqi forces have launched further airstrikes on ISIL fighters still holding out in Mosuls Old City.
recID_933	3	3	Amnesty International (AI) has accused the Nigerian military of mass slaughter of hundreds of men, women and children in Zaria and attempting to cover-up the incident
recID_935	3	3	On 17 July 2017 Russia's Supreme Court rejected an appeal lodged by the Administrative Centre of the Russian branch of Jehovah's Witnesses against the Supreme Court decision of 20 April which had upheld a ruling categorising them as 'extremists'.
recID_936	0	0	Following this news, Human Rights Watch in New York issued a statement calling on Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeaus administration to fast-track the screening of the seven.
recID_937	0	0	The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) on Tuesday called on Nigerian leaders to emulate the good leadership exhibited by some of the past African leaders, most especially, the late President Nelson Mandela of South Africa.
recID_939	1	1	US President Donald Trump will meet Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri in Washington next week for talks on issues including refugees and combatting terrorism, the White House announced Friday.
recID_941	4	4	At least 26 people were killed and 41 wounded today after a Taliban-claimed car bomb struck a bus carrying government employees through a Shiite neighbourhood in Kabul, raising fears of sectarian violence in the Afghan capital.
recID_942	4	4	The Taliban attacked an Afghan army base in southern Kandahar province overnight and killed at least 26 soldiers.
recID_943	0	0	The Office of the former Afghan President in a statement said Karzai has expressed deep concerns regarding the casualties of the civilians and the terrorist attack in Lahore.
recID_944	3	3	The then president, Goodluck Jonathan, had rejected multiple proposals laid out by the National Assembly as part of a new Nigerian Constitution, including clauses stipulating free education and healthcare for every Nigerian child.
recID_945	1	1	US Vice-President Mike Pence has promised support for the Afghan governments efforts at restoring peace and bringing development to the country.
recID_946	1	1	Bulgaria's Minister for Foreign Affairs, Ekaterina Zaharieva, has welcomed the visit by the Sudanese Foreign Minister, Professor Ibrahim Ahmed Ghandour, to her country saying the Sudan remains one of the best partners for the EU in combatting terrorism, violent fundamentalism, illegal migration and human trafficking.
recID_948	2	2	The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) has carried out massive surgical operations to alleviate the medical challenges of Internally Displaced Persons (IDP) in Borno State.
recID_950	4	4	Yemeni army and allied forces have launched a missile attack against a military base in Saudi Arabias southwestern Jizan region, inflicting casualties on Sudanese mercenaries there.
recID_951	0	0	Top diplomats of the member-states of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean) issued a statement urging North Korea to comply with its obligations under the United Nations security council resolutions.
recID_952	4	4	Boko Haram suicide bombers have killed at least 81 people in Nigeria since April, while 67 people have been abducted - mostly women and girls - since the start of the year.
recID_953	1	1	Mexico's top diplomat will visit the immigrant-friendly California amid strained relations between his country and the U.S.
recID_954	4	4	Russian and Syrian regime warplanes are striking Daesh positions in the city and its outskirts, he added.
recID_956	3	3	New York (CNN)French President Emmanuel Macron firmly rejected any military solution to the North Korean crisis and warned against scrapping the nuclear agreement with Iran, in an exclusive interview Tuesday with CNN.
recID_957	0	0	Prime Minister Theresa May called on Friday for Britain to stay in the European Union's single market during a roughly two-year transition out of the EU while offering concessions on a divorce deal as she appealed for a revival of Brexit negotiations.
recID_958	1	1	The British Prime Minister Theresa May has held talks with the Irish premier Leo Varadkar at Downing Street.
recID_959	1	1	Theresa May will hold talks with European Council president Donald Tusk as she attempts to secure a breakthrough in the Brexit process.
recID_960	1	1	The Dubai Ruler praised the UAE's efforts to improve the relations between the two countries.
recID_961	2	2	A Zimbabwean court on Tuesday freed activist pastor Evan Mawarire, a critic of President Robert Mugabe, following his weekend arrest on new charges of attempting to subvert the government.
recID_962	1	1	Russian President Vladimir Putin will meet Recep Tayyip Erdogan, in Ankara on September 28 for talks set to touch on Syria and Iraq.
recID_963	1	1	Theresa May has met German Chancellor Angela Merkel at a summit in Estonia in a bid to push for progress in Brexit talks.
recID_964	4	4	Somalias al Shabaab fighters attacked a military base outside the capital Mogadishu using car bombs and guns, killing 17 soldiers and taking control of the base and a nearby town, the group said on Friday.
recID_965	2	2	A court in Bishkek has freed a Kyrgyz journalist who had been sentenced to four years in prison for a book he wrote.
recID_966	4	4	Zimbabwean police have fired tear gas to break up protests against the country's worsening economic crisis in the capital Harare.
recID_967	4	4	Taliban fighters seized a house in eastern side of the city and fired rounds of rockets on Hamid Karzai International Airport at around midday, causing a suspension to the flights.
recID_968	1	1	Vladimir Putin has hosted Saudi King Salman for talks at the Kremlin, in the first official visit to Russia by a reigning Saudi monarch.
recID_969	0	0	U.S. President Donald Trump has expressed surprise that The Washington Post published a favorable news story about his fundraising prowess.
recID_970	4	4	In 2015, al Shabaab gunmen killed 148 students at a university in Kenyas Garissa town near the Kenya-Somali border, an attack that provoked shock and outrage in Kenya and abroad.
recID_971	4	4	The Taliban gunmen in reaction killed Abdullah and four other members of his family and freed the Abdullahs father in law and mother in law, he added.
recID_972	3	3	KRG President Masoud Barzani and top Kurdish officials rejected the Iraqi governments demand that cancel the outcome of the independence referendum as a precondition for talks to resolve the dispute.
recID_973	4	4	Armenian police detained dozens of demonstrators in Yerevan on April 18 as protests continued over the election of former President Serzh Sarkisian as prime minister.
recID_974	4	4	Iraqi warplanes pounded Islamic State positions in eastern Syria with deadly airstrikes Thursday, the Iraqi government said.
recID_975	4	4	U.S. military airstrikes this month in the area have killed dozens of IS members, including the terrorist group's chief of operations for northern Afghanistan, Qari Hekmatullah.
recID_977	2	2	Chinas health ministry sent a team of medical experts, equipment and drugs to the hospital, where two Chinese were said to be in a critical condition.
recID_978	0	0	Zabihullah Mujahid, the Taliban spokesman, claimed responsibility for both the Farah and the Ghazni attacks in messages to the media.
recID_979	1	1	South Korea's Prime Minister Lee Nak-yon (R) holds talks with Vietnamese defense chief Gen. Ngo Xuan Lich at his office in Seoul on April 24, 2018.
recID_980	0	0	The Senate urges the government to take direct action with regard to the situation unfolding in the South China Sea, Ngo said in his speech two years ago.
recID_981	4	4	The Syrian army on Thursday intensified its bombardment of a besieged Palestinian neighborhood and nearby rebel-held areas in southern Damascus, the last area near the capital outside government control.
recID_982	4	4	Separately, a Taliban suicide bomber detonated his explosives-laden vehicle in the early morning Saturday near an Afghan army base in southern Helmand province, killing at least six people and wounding many more.
recID_983	3	3	Last week, the Taliban rejected the Afghan government's dialogue offer proposed in late February and announced the start of its new spring military offensive.
recID_984	2	2	Prime Minister Hun Sens government released the detained leaders from the dissolved opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP).
recID_985	4	4	Russian police on Saturday detained dozens of supporters of opposition leader Alexei Navalny as nationwide protests kicked off on the eve of Vladimir Putins inauguration for a fourth Kremlin term.
recID_986	4	4	The Afghan armed forces pounded the Taliban hideouts with heavy artillery and airstrikes in northeastern Badakhshan province of Afghanistan.
recID_987	0	0	A spokesman for the Taliban, Qari Yussouf Ahmadi, claimed responsibility for the attack in Kandahar in a statement sent to media.
recID_989	4	4	Iraqi warplanes carried out a raid earlier in the day, targeting Islamic State group commanders in eastern Syria, in the second such strike on the jihadists since mid-April, the premier's office said.
recID_990	4	4	Pakistan Army launched a strategic offensive military operation, Operation Rah-e-Nijat, against militants in South Waziristan Agency on June 19, 2009.
recID_991	1	1	Congress will fully support the Philippine Plan of Action to End Violence Against Children (PPAEVAC), Davao City Rep. Karlo Nograles said yesterday.
recID_993	2	2	An Italian tribunal has lifted a ban on veteran center-right leader Silvio Berlusconi from holding public office, meaning he could run to be prime minister in the next national election.
recID_994	4	4	The Islamic State terrorist group has carried out several attacks against civilian and military targets in Kirkuk in recent months.
recID_995	1	1	FBI Director Christopher Wray will meet US President Donald Trump at the White House on Monday to discuss the US Justice Departments disputes with Republicans over documents related to the Russia investigation.
recID_996	0	0	The humanitarian branches of the Federal Government of Somalia and the United Nations today launched an appeal for $80 million to provide immediate help for people affected by recent flooding in the country's centre and south - resulting from the heaviest rainfall experienced in Somalia in more than three decades.
recID_997	3	3	Hours earlier Maduro expelled the top American diplomat over the refusal of the U.S. to recognize his re-election.
recID_998	1	1	On May 29, the Syrian regime said it would recognize South Ossetias unilateral independence from Georgia.
recID_999	4	4	Earlier, Israeli military struck a target in the Gaza Strip's eastern border regions with artillery, but no casualties were reported.
recID_1000	2	2	The Red Cross has provided financial assistance to about 550 households using funds donated to the organizations New Brunswick flood appeal, she said.
recID_1001	2	2	Afghan President Ashraf Ghani on Thursday announced a weeklong cease-fire with the Taliban to coincide with the holiday marking the end of Ramadan next week.
recID_1004	2	2	Afghan President Ashraf Ghani announced a unilateral eight-day ceasefire with the Taliban on Tuesday amid an increasingly bloody war.
recID_1005	3	3	The Taliban on Sunday rejected an offer from the Afghan government to extend a three-day ceasefire as the country reeled from two deadly suicide attacks in the eastern city of Jalalabad.
recID_1006	2	2	The European Union has deployed election observers in Zimbabwe for the first time in 16 years as the country prepares for its first vote since independence without longtime leader Robert Mugabe.
recID_1007	2	2	Israel Defense Forces had distributed supplies including 300 tents, food, medicine and clothing to people who had fled to the Golan Heights area near the Israeli border.
recID_1008	4	4	Unidentified gunmen beheaded three men and torched a boys' school in Nangarhar province in eastern Afghanistan late on Saturday, in an attack officials blamed on Islamic State militants.
recID_1009	3	3	The European Commission has launched legal action against the Polish government over changes to the way judges are appointed in the country that observers say undermine the independence of its courts.
recID_1010	1	1	During the one-day visit, Obama will hold talks with President Uhuru Kenyatta at State House, Nairobi, before heading to his ancestral home of Kogelo, Siaya, to visit his relatives.
recID_1012	4	4	Boko Haram jihadists overran a military base in northeast Nigeria after a ferocious firefight, military and vigilante sources said Sunday, the second assault on the countrys forces in two days.
recID_1013	1	1	Former US President Barack Obama on Sunday held separate talks with President Uhuru Kenyatta in Nairobi.
recID_1014	3	3	The Taliban have long refused direct talks with the Afghan government, demanding instead to negotiate with Washington.
recID_1016	1	1	German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Friday welcomed U.S. President Donald Trump's invitation to Russian President Vladimir Putin to meet in Washington this autumn.
recID_1017	4	4	On Friday, Palestinian gunmen killed an Israeli soldier along the Gaza fence.
recID_1019	4	4	Israels air force carried out strikes Friday evening against Hamas targets throughout the Gaza Strip.
recID_1020	4	4	The Israel Defense Forces launched a massive attack on the Gaza Strip late Friday evening, following an exchange of fire between Israeli troops and Palestinians in the Gaza Strip.
recID_1021	4	4	On Friday, Palestinian gunmen killed an Israeli soldier.
recID_1022	1	1	Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov held talks in Jerusalem with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on July 23 to discuss the Iranian presence in Syria.
recID_1023	3	3	Belgrades High Court of Justice has rejected the Romanian authorities' request to extradite former House lawmaker Sebastian Ghita, and has established that he is eligible for asylum, the final decision set to be transmitted to the Serbian Interior Ministry.
recID_1025	1	1	The Southeast Asian nations pledged full support for Seoul's efforts to denuclearize the peninsla and create a peace regime.
recID_1027	0	0	The United Nations' Mideast envoy is expressing his concern about the latest escalation of hostilities in the Gaza Strip between Israel and Hamas.
recID_1028	3	3	A Brazilian federal court has rejected a request from jailed former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva to be present at the first debate of presidential candidates for October's election.
recID_1029	0	0	The U.S. secretary of defense has expressed concerns about the negative impact on key allies such as South Korea as the Trump administration seeks to implement the section 232 tariffs.
recID_1030	3	3	Iran's Supreme Leader on Monday rejected US President Donald Trump's offer of unconditional talks to improve bilateral ties and he also accused the Iranian government of economic mismanagement in the face of reimposed US sanctions.
recID_1031	4	4	Taliban fighters overran an army base in northern Afghanistan, officials said Tuesday, killing at least 17 soldiers with dozens feared captured in a stinging blow to security forces already struggling to push insurgents from eastern Ghazni.
recID_1032	4	4	Taliban militants have seized control of an army base in northern Afghanistan, killing and capturing dozens of government soldiers.
recID_1033	4	4	The Taliban attacked a key Afghan army base in Baghlan province, capturing the base and a police checkpoint, killing dozens of security forces.
recID_1035	3	3	Mali's opposition leader on Friday rejected the announcement that President Ibrahim Boubacar Keita was the winner of a presidential runoff in this West African nation, saying he would be filing a fraud complaint to the Constitutional Court.
recID_1036	4	4	The Iraqi military has carried out several air strikes against Islamic State in Syria since last year, the last of which a few days ago, with the approval of President Bashar al-Assad and the U.S.-led coalition.
recID_1037	2	2	Afghan President Ashraf Ghani declared a provisional three-month ceasefire with the Taliban in a televised broadcast today, but said the truce would hold only if the insurgents reciprocated.
recID_1038	3	3	The Taliban rejected on Monday an Afghan government offer of a ceasefire and they would persist with their attacks.
recID_1039	2	2	A court in Istanbul has lifted a travel ban on German journalist Mesale Tolu, who was arrested last year on terrorism-related charges, a group of supporters said Monday.
recID_1040	0	0	The UN has called on Libya s internationally recognized government to crack down on armed groups obstructing the work of state institutions in the chaos-wracked country.
recID_1041	0	0	During the conference, Uruguayan deputy Rodrigo Goi expressed their concern regarding the position of the Uruguayan Government against that of Venezuelan President Nicols Maduro.
recID_1042	3	3	The Taliban has spurned repeated offers for peace talks by the Kabul government this year, insisting that it will only negotiate directly with the United States -- something Washington refuses to do.
recID_1043	3	3	The South African Government strongly refuted United States President Donald Trump's comments on farm seizures and expropriations and the large-scale killing of farmers in the country.
recID_1045	1	1	Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called new Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison on Wednesday to congratulate him on becoming Australia's new prime minister, inviting him and his wife to Jerusalem.
recID_1046	4	4	ISIS carried out a multi-pronged attack on Irans parliament and the shrine of revolutionary leader Ruhollah Khomeini in June 2017 that killed 17 people.
recID_1047	0	0	Human Rights Watchs director for the Americas, Jose Miguel Vivanco, issued a statement calling on the U.N. Security Council to apply pressure to Ortegas government.
recID_1048	1	1	French President Emmanuel Macron will host Japans Crown Prince Naruhito next Wednesday as part of a week-long state visit by the emperor-in-waiting to mark 160 years of diplomatic relations between the two nations.
recID_1049	3	3	Israels Supreme Court has rejected appeals against the demolition of a Bedouin village in the occupied West Bank whose fate has been a subject of international concern.
recID_1050	4	4	Yemeni army soldiers, supported by allied fighters from Popular Committees , have reportedly carried out an aerial attack against an important military target in the countrys western coastal province of Hudaydah in retaliation for the Saudi-led devastating military aggression against their impoverished homeland.
recID_1051	1	1	The US secretary of state held talks with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to discuss the Japanese government's North Korea policy before heading to Pyongyang on Sunday.
recID_1052	0	0	Saudi Arabias ambassador to the United Kingdom expressed concern on Friday about the fate of a journalist who vanished in Istanbul last week.
recID_1055	4	4	The U.S. military has carried out more than two dozen air strikes this year against al-Shabab, an al-Qaeda-affiliated group seeking to overthrow the Somali government and turn the country into a strict Islamist state.
recID_1056	4	4	In recent years the Taliban have carried out near-daily attacks, mainly targeting the Afghan government and security forces.
recID_1057	2	2	A Spanish court has given preliminary authorization for an aide of late President Hugo Chavez to be extradited to Venezuela.
recID_1060	3	3	The Taliban has refused direct talks with the Afghan government, which it views as a U.S. puppet, saying it will only negotiate the end of the 17-year war directly with Washington.
recID_1061	3	3	A British judge on Wednesday rejected the Turkish government's request to extradite a prominent critic of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
recID_1063	1	1	Saudi Arabias Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has met Mauritanias President Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz at the presidential palace in Nouakchott where they bilateral meeting.
recID_1064	4	4	French police stormed a migrant camp in Calais Sunday in a crackdown that the inhabitants say is forcing them to risk their lives and try to cross the Channel by boat.
recID_1066	2	2	A court in Argentina has released former Vice President Amado Boudou from prison under bail while he appeals a corruption conviction.
recID_1067	2	2	The Nigerian military on Friday lifted a ban on UNICEF operations in the country's northeast, after accusing the aid agency of training spies supporting Boko Haram jihadists.
recID_1068	0	0	The White House has asked the Pentagon to look into multiple options, including a complete withdrawal, the officials said.
recID_1069	1	1	Russian President Vladimir Putin has welcomed US President Donald Trump's decision to send troops home from Syria after declaring victory over ISIL.
recID_1070	3	3	The Taliban has rejected holding talks with the Afghan government, which it often refers to as a puppet regime.
recID_1071	2	2	The Kenyan government has lifted a ban preventing the international charity Marie Stopes from providing any abortion services, following warnings the ruling endangered the lives of thousands of women.
recID_1072	3	3	Three Kyrgyz politicians have filed a libel lawsuit against former President Almazbek Atambaev and a TV channel he founded, adding to pressure on the ex-leader.
recID_1073	4	4	Iraqi warplanes attacked an Daesh explosives factory and other positions inside Syria on Thursday, Baghdads military said, in a rare air assault across the border.
recID_1074	4	4	On Tuesday evening, Israeli military jets carried out several air strikes in the northern Gaza Strip, killing a 24-year-old Hamas militant and injuring four others.
recID_1075	0	0	On Monday, Afghan President Ashraf Ghani issued a fresh plea to the Taliban to talk directly to his government.
recID_1076	0	0	Francesco Rocca, the president of International Red Cross, issued a statement Monday calling on the Italian government to allow the Sea-Watch 3 to dock and allow the migrants to disembark and access the help they need.
recID_1077	0	0	The European Parliament is calling on the European Union's member states to recognize Venezuelan opposition leader Juan Guaido as the interim president.
recID_1080	3	3	A court in Britain has ordered the son of former Prime Minister Vladimir Filat to hand over $650 million following an investigation by Britains National Crime Agency (NCA).
recID_1081	3	3	Venezuela's embattled president, Nicolas Maduro, is rejecting President Donald Trump's call for a new day in Venezuela and comparing the tone of the American president's speech in Miami to that of a Nazi.
recID_1082	1	1	Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu met Russian President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday at the Kremlin, where they discussed security in the Middle East with a focus on Iran.
recID_1083	1	1	Ethiopian Prime Minister Dr Abiy Ahmed held bilateral discussions with the Somali President Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed Farmajo at his office today.
recID_1084	4	4	The Israel Defense Forces demolished the home of a Palestinian man suspected of carrying out a West Bank shooting attack that killed two Israeli soldiers and seriously injured two others.
recID_1086	3	3	The Taliban have long rejected any talks with the Afghan government, which it dismisses as a puppet of Washington.
recID_1087	0	0	This month, the United Nations launched an international appeal for $234 million in emergency aid for Zimbabwe, where drought is expected to affect a third of the country's crop and leave 5.3 million people needing assistance.
recID_1088	0	0	A top diplomat in the United Arab Emirates is offering his condolences over an attack on mosques in New Zealand that killed at least 40 people.
recID_1089	2	2	In January, a Turkish court freed another employee of the U.S. consulate in the southern province of Adana due to time served, after it convicted him to four-and-a-half years on terrorism charges.
recID_1090	3	3	On March 29, by a 286-344 vote, Britain's parliament rejected the EU withdrawal agreement for a third time.
recID_1091	0	0	Last week, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce issued a statement urging the British government to come up with a solution to avoid crashing out of the EU.
recID_1093	1	1	U.S. President Donald Trump will make a state visit to the United Kingdom in June, Buckingham Palace announced on Tuesday, a trip Britain hopes will cement transatlantic relations but one that immediately prompted criticism and promises of protests.
recID_1094	4	4	In response, the IDF attacked 15 positions belonging to terrorist groups in the Gaza Strip on Tuesday night.
recID_1095	3	3	The Taliban have refused official talks with President Ashraf Ghanis government, believing it is illegitimate.
recID_1096	4	4	The Syrian army seized all three pumping stations on the Kirkuk-Baniyas pipeline, which goes from Iraq to the Syrian coast.
recID_1097	3	3	The prosecutor of the ICC demanded that deposed Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir stand trial for the mass killings perpetrated in Darfur.
recID_1100	2	2	Iran 's Foreign Ministry announced the release of two Kuwaiti nationals who had been recently arrested for illegal entry into Iranian waters, Tasnim news agency reported on Thursday.
recID_1101	4	4	On April 19, Boko Haram fighters torched a village elsewhere in Cameroon's Far North Region, killing 11 civilians in their sleep.
recID_1105	3	3	Estonian MEP has demanded a final solution for Syrian refugees who break the law in Europe, in an apparent echoing of the language used by the Nazi regime during the Holocaust.
recID_1106	0	0	United Nations Human Rights Commissioner Michelle Bachelet this week voiced concern about the use of force by police in Hong Kong, and also called for an independent inquiry in such allegations, in line with one of the key demands of the anti-extradition movement.
recID_1107	1	1	The US envoy also held talks with former Afghan president Hamid Karzai to discuss issues around the peace agreement.
recID_1108	1	1	President Hassan Rouhani met Erdogan for separate bilateral talks in the Turkish capital before they sat down together for their fifth summit on the conflict since 2017.
recID_1109	4	4	Taliban suicide bombers killed 48 people in two separate attacks in Afghanistan on Tuesday, the deadliest taking place near an election rally by President Ashraf Ghani, though he was unhurt.
recID_1110	4	4	The Pentagon said it hit five bases used by the Iraqi Hizbollah militant group following a rocket attack in Iraq that killed a US civilian contractor.
recID_1112	3	3	Somalia's President Mohamed Farmaajo rejected President Uhuru Kenyatta's call for talks, saying that the court should be the ultimate arbiter.
recID_1113	3	3	The former Chief Minister of IOK, Omar Abdullah, condemned the Indian governments decision of rescinding the special status as a naked aggression against the Kashmiri people.
recID_1114	4	4	Iraqi security forces opened fire on protesters who defied a curfew in Baghdad and exchanged fire with gunmen in a southern city.
recID_1115	0	0	On October 16, Amnesty International issued a statement calling on Belarusian authorities to uphold the right of former prisoner of conscience Dzmitry Paliyenka to a fair trial and ensure his hearing is open to the public.
recID_1117	0	0	Senate Agriculture ranking member Debbie Stabenow (D-Mich.), in a statement, said the USDA proposal blatantly ignores the compromise farm bill heading to Trumps desk, as well as more than 20 years of history giving states flexibility to request waivers based on local job conditions.
recID_1118	2	2	The Syrian government gave approval for the United Nations to deliver aid next week to thousands of desperate civilians stranded near a U.S. garrison in southeastern Syria on the Iraqi-Syrian border, aid workers and camp officials said on Wednesday.
recID_1119	3	3	Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan on Wednesday blamed the Syrian government for a suspected chemical weapons attack that killed dozens of people including children, calling President Bashar al-Assad a murderer
recID_1120	1	1	Four Taliban members met Alice Wells, a senior US state department official, at a hotel in the Qatari capital on 23 July for the first face-to-face talks in seven years.
recID_1122	0	0	Yet Mackenzie Eaglen, resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, says so far the Pentagons plans for the 2020 budget look underwhelming.
recID_1124	3	3	And Amnesty International put out a report accusing the Nigerian army of failing to respond to warning signs before the mass kidnapping.
recID_1125	0	0	Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud has sent a condolence message to President Dr. Ashraf Ghani following Wednesdays terrorist assault in Kabul.
recID_1127	0	0	Thomas Shannon, U.S. undersecretary of state for political affairs, paid his respects to a South Korean soldier killed in Afghanistan a decade ago during his trip here earlier this week, the U.S. Embassy said Thursday.
recID_1128	0	0	The United Nations Mideast envoy is expressing his concern about the latest escalation of hostilities in the Gaza Strip between Israel and Hamas.
recID_1129	2	2	The United Nations Security Council on Friday unanimously approved the deployment of a U.N. advance team to monitor a ceasefire in Yemen's Hodeidah region after days of wrangling that pitted the United States against ally Britain.
recID_1130	0	0	The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack, which killed and injured dozens of people in Kabul, Afghanistan.
recID_1131	3	3	A Nigerian court has convicted 45 Boko Haram members in the largest mass trial in the Islamic extremist group's history.
recID_1133	2	2	The US military trains Iraqi pilots to fly F-16s at the request of Iraqs government, Roberts said.
recID_1134	3	3	US President Donald Trump set a 30-day deadline for the UN health agency to make significant reforms or risk losing funding.
recID_1135	4	4	Iraqi military says it has seized large Kurdish oil fields near Kirkuk.
recID_1136	2	2	The United Nations Security Council on Friday unanimously approved the deployment of a U.N. advance team to monitor a ceasefire in Yemen 's Hodeidah region after days of wrangling that pitted the United States against ally Britain .
recID_1137	2	2	A Zimbabwean court on Tuesday freed activist pastor Evan Mawarire, a critic of President Robert Mugabe, following his weekend arrest on new charges of attempting to subvert the government.
recID_1139	2	2	Action Against Hunger says it is currently providing food assistance every month to approximately 300,000 people in northeast Nigeria who have no access to livelihoods and food.
recID_1141	1	1	The US Ambassador, Stuart Symington, paid a courtesy visit to President of Senate early this morning in his office.
recID_1142	1	1	Last week, former Afghanistan president Hamid Karzai met Nawaz Sharif at the apartments and asked about his health situation.
recID_1143	4	4	Several student groups including All India Students Association, Pinjra Tod and Delhi University Students Union held a protest demonstration at the Delhi University against the continued siege of occupied Kashmir.
recID_1144	3	3	Furious Theresa May gives Putin a midnight deadline over brazen attack on former spy using Russian-made military nerve agent on British soil.
recID_1145	2	2	The European Union is mobilising additional funds to support peace building in Colombia.
recID_1146	3	3	Turkey's president says it will begin a new military operation against U.S-backed Kurdish fighters in Syria within a few days.
recID_1148	4	4	Indian Air Force fighter jets forced a Georgian cargo plane flying from Karachi to New Delhi to land in the northern city of Jaipur on Friday after it allegedly violated Indian airspace.
recID_1149	3	3	AFP will investigate any reports of human-rights violations being committed by the military in Mindanao.
recID_1150	1	1	The White House says it stands in solidarity with its closest ally the UK and supports its decision to expel 23 Russian diplomats.
recID_1151	1	1	Former U.S. President Barack Obama is ending a five-day international trip in Paris, where he had lunch with French President Emmanuel Macron and gave a speech to business leaders.
recID_1153	0	0	Turkey's top diplomat also voiced hope that the new government in Greece will help Turkey to maintain more constructive relations with Greece on the Aegean and Eastern Mediterranean.
recID_1154	2	2	The European Commission has announced additional humanitarian assistance of 60 million to help people in Somalia, Ethiopia and Kenya, who have been facing critical
recID_1155	2	2	The Israeli NGO Israel Flying Aid has been providing humanitarian aid to Syrians for years through a full undercover unit of all native Arabic speakers.
recID_1156	3	3	Flavia Nardelli Piccoli, Vice President of the Commission for Culture, Science, and Education of the Italian Chamber of Deputies, condemned terrorist attacks in Tehran.
recID_1157	1	1	The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) on Wednesday reiterated its commitment to support the Nigeria Police, Department of State Services (DSS) and other security agencies with real time geospatial and imagery intelligence whilst making available its air assets for the conduct of tactical air support missions and increasing the frequency of air reconnaissance in the affected areas.
recID_1159	0	0	Venezuela's chief prosecutor seeks conditional release for Utah man held in jail over a year.
recID_1160	1	1	While greeting Wang on April 5, Putin hailed the Chinese legislature's unanimous decision last month to reappoint Xi as president with no limit on the number of terms he can serve.
recID_1161	0	0	The United Nations was seeking aid for war victims in Syria and refugees in the region at an annual donor conference that it was hosting with the European Union in Brussels Thursday.
recID_1162	3	3	US President Donald Trump has sent a letter to the head of the World Health Organization (WHO) threatening to pull US funding permanently over Covid-19.
recID_1163	0	0	Kristina Baum, a spokesperson for the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy, declined to comment on whether the government was considering changing its open-access policy.
recID_1164	0	0	LaDonna Davis, a USCIS spokeswoman, declined to comment on the specifics of the hiring freeze.
recID_1165	0	0	Holcomb's office declined to comment on his behind-the-scenes maneuvering.
recID_1167	0	0	The Justice Department previously declined to comment on how it is implementing the executive order, but most diversity programs there appear to have been put on hold since autumn.
recID_1168	0	0	The White House and the US State Department declined to comment when asked about the status of negotiations.
recID_1169	0	0	The governor's office declined to comment on the bill.
recID_1170	0	0	The California Farm Bureau Federation said it is skeptical of the increased use of executive orders.
recID_1171	0	0	At the same time, however, the Government Accountability Office said it is skeptical about the ability to determine how much the rapidly growing political intelligence industry impacts trading and other investment decisions.
recID_1172	0	0	IMA, however, said it is skeptical about the government being able to prove these allegations, and that the purpose of the statements seems to be to divert the attention from unresolved issues in the healthcare sector.
recID_1173	0	0	The State Department on Monday said it is skeptical about Iranian motives in providing large cash payments to aides to Afghan President Hamid Karzai.
recID_1174	0	0	The agency said it is skeptical of the governments ability to meet these targets due to the prevalent economic slowdown and absence of new taxes in the budget.
recID_1175	0	0	The Government Accountability Office (GAO) said it is skeptical the program would meet the current projected deadline.
recID_1176	0	0	However, the South Korean government has said it is skeptical of that death toll given previous records of flooding.
recID_1179	0	0	Sen. Mitch McConnell says that he is pessimistic about the possibility of a deal.
recID_1180	0	0	IAG chief Willie Walsh says they are pessimistic over the potential impact of a quarantine measure for inbound air passengers floated by the UK government.
recID_1181	0	0	A Japanese virus expert says he is pessimistic that the postponed Tokyo Olympics will go ahead as planned next year.
recID_1182	0	0	Both Republicans and Democrats expressed pessimism in the future of the economy, as health experts battle with the federal government on how quickly the economy could potentially rebound if the country reopens businesses.
recID_1183	0	0	The British Foreign Secretary, Sir Geoffrey Howe, expressed pessimism about his South African mission for the first time today, saying it may be left to another person to pave the way for peace.
recID_1184	0	0	China expressed pessimism about bringing the North Korean standoff to a peaceful resolution, even as Kim Jong Un's regime touted new United Nations support for regular talks.
recID_1185	0	0	The Government Accountability Office (GAO) recently expressed pessimism that the Defense Departments new Principal Deputy Space Adviser (PDSA) could truly improve how the Pentagon procures space programs.
recID_1186	0	0	Irans Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has expressed pessimism over holding negotiations with the United States, sending a message to President Hassan Rouhani.
recID_1187	0	0	Chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat expressed pessimism about the next government's potential as a partner in negotiations.
recID_1188	0	0	Labor Minister Maurizio Sacconi expressed pessimism Friday over Alitalia's future after talks were suspended on a plan to relaunch the bankrupt airline with a group of Italian investors.
recID_1189	0	0	Prime Minister Justin Trudeau expressed optimism Wednesday that the federal government's vaccination timeline could be accelerated.
recID_1190	0	0	Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell expressed optimism at a bipartisan deal.
recID_1192	0	0	UN diplomats said they hoped that Gambari, who aims to secure the release of political detainees and get a political dialogue started, would be in Myanmar before the end of October.
recID_1193	0	0	Jewish leaders said they hoped Bolton would be able to take on efforts in the international forum to demonize Jews and the Jewish state.
recID_1195	0	0	The Welsh Government said it expects that most pupils will have the chance to go to school at least three times before the summer break, but this depends on the individual school.
recID_1196	0	0	Islamic State claimed responsibility for the Easter bombings that killed more than 300 people in Sri Lanka and posted a video that it said showed the suicide bombers.
recID_1198	0	0	Yemen's Houthi rebels on Monday claimed responsibility for missile and drone attack on the government army's sites.
recID_1199	0	0	The Earth Liberation Front claimed responsibility for an October 18, 1998 act of arson at a ski resort in Vail, Colorado that resulted in approximately $12 million in damages.
recID_1200	0	0	The FLN has claimed responsibility for several attacks in Rwandas Southern Province since 2018.
recID_1202	0	0	The Guatemalan government Monday denied charges by Central American clergymen that it tortured and drugged a Jesuit priest into confessing his involvement with leftist guerrillas.
recID_1203	0	0	Two leaders of the Alliance For Change (AFC) have denied charges, by the Government, that the political party had acted recklessly and irresponsibly in refusing to approve aspects of financial papers for supplementary provisions on Current and Capital Estimates.
recID_1204	0	0	The government of Cambodia has denied charges by the U.S. State Department that it suspended a senior official whose department rescued scores of women from a suspected brothel.
recID_1205	0	0	Labor leader Amir Peretz vigorously denied charges from Yisrael Beytenu chairman Avigdor Liberman and Blue and White head Benny Gantz on Thursday that he had made a deal with Likud to join a coalition led by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in return for the Likud's support for Peretz becoming president in 2021.
recID_1207	0	0	The finance minister also rejected accusation of selling family silver, saying that the government's clear strategy is on divesting for the first time to spend taxpayers' money wisely.
recID_1208	0	0	Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa today rejected accusation that her government refused Centre's offer for NIA investigation into yesterday's bomb blast on board a Guwhati-bound train, terming it as far from truth.
recID_1211	0	0	The Government has stongly rejected accusation from a Donegal TD that it is not full committed to the A5 dual carraigeway upgrade.
recID_1212	0	0	ACT Health Minister Katy Gallagher has rejected accusation she is covering up details of an investigation into workplace bullying in Canberra Hospital's maternity unit.
recID_1213	0	0	The Trudeau government has agreed with the Senate that Canadians suffering solely from grievous and irremediable mental illnesses should be entitled to receive medical assistance in dying.
recID_1214	0	0	Both Ministers said they agree with Tantan, the Minister of Interior who told governors not to welcome deputies and ministers at the border of the provinces.
recID_1215	0	0	Officials from Kansas have said they agree with the NCAA that Gassnola made payments to family members and handlers of two players, Billy Preston and Silvio De Sousa.
recID_1216	0	0	Americans said they agree with what Republicans in Congress were proposing to do, lower than agreement with what President Obama.
recID_1218	0	0	FDA officials said they agree with the recommendation, but its more of an efficiency move since it wont change what information companies have to submit .
recID_1220	0	0	Prime Minister Algirdas Butkevicius has expressed condolences to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and all the people of Israel over the death of the former Israeli President and one of the founders of the State, Nobel Peace Prize winner, Shimon Peres.
recID_1221	0	0	Government of the Bahamas expressed condolences to Belgian people and Belgian Government.
recID_1222	0	0	Prime Minister Isa Mustafa expressed condolences to the Government of Turkey after the attack with consequences in people that occurred today in the Republic of Turkey.
recID_1223	0	0	Taiwan Representative Bi khim Hsiao expressed condolences to the family of Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg on behalf of the people and government of Taiwan.
recID_1225	0	0	The Government of Hungary expressed its most sincere condolences to the family members of those who perished in the Ankara terrorist attack, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade informed the Hungarian News Agency MTI on Saturday.
recID_1226	0	0	Cuban Parliament President Esteban Lazo on Saturday expressed condolences to the people and Government of Cambodia, due to human and material losses as a result of heavy rains and floods.
recID_1227	0	0	Australian Foreign Minister Stephen Smith also expressed condolences over the terrible earthquake in Sichuan province.
recID_1229	0	0	UN human rights experts today urged the United States Government to reduce the population in places of detention to prevent large outbreaks of COVID-19 and ease the mounting pressure on staff and the penitentiary system as a whole.
recID_1230	0	0	Greece has asked NATO to help patrol its airspace, share intelligence on potential terror threats and increase Mediterranean naval patrols.
recID_1231	0	0	German Chancellor Angela Merkel urged Ethiopia on Tuesday to open up its politics and ensure police do not use heavy-handed tactics against protesters.
recID_1232	0	0	President Bush urged valued partners like Saudi Arabia to move toward freedom.
recID_1234	0	0	China and Russia call on US to lift sanctions against Iran.
recID_1235	0	0	Iran urges France to pressure U.S. to lift sanctions amid COVID-19 outbreak.
recID_1236	0	0	Iran's foreign minister has said he hopes Japan and the European Union will persuade newly inaugurated U.S. President Joe Biden to lift crippling economic sanctions imposed on Tehran by his predecessor Donald Trump.
recID_1237	0	0	Trump urges UN to renew Iran sanctions in blow to 2015 deal.
recID_1238	0	0	President Donald Trump said he would call on the UN Security Council to restore all nuclear-related sanctions on Iran.
recID_1239	2	2	The European Commission is allocating 95 million in humanitarian support to address the most pressing needs of people in Yemen amid record highs of child malnutrition, an imminent threat of famine and renewed fighting.
recID_1243	2	2	Germany provided 6.3 million euros to support projects which benefit Palestinian refugees in Syria, Jordan and Lebanon.
recID_1244	2	2	Germany, Russia, Switzerland, Sweden, Norway, Finland and Denmark have already provided their complete annual donations to Palestinians.
recID_1245	2	2	Germany has reinforced its commitment to Syrian refugees and vulnerable Jordanians with a contribution of 56 million (JOD43.7 million).
recID_1246	2	2	The United States remains the largest single donor of humanitarian assistance in Iraq.
recID_1248	2	2	The Russian and US navies today began a joint military exercise in the sea of japan to test their capability of joint salvage operations at sea.
recID_1249	2	2	The armies of Brazil and Argentina performed a joint war games in October to create bi-national units for peace missions in south america.
recID_1250	2	2	The Jordan and the United States began a new round of joint military exercises today in the southern desert of the kingdom.
recID_1251	2	2	The war game, code-named infinite moonlight 96 was staged by U.S. marines and Jordanian armed forces.
recID_1252	2	2	Cooperation between the Philippines and the United States on intelligence sharing against terrorism were strengthened along these past few years, a visiting senior US military official said Wednesday.
recID_1253	2	2	UK extradited radical Islamist preacher Abu Hamza al-Masri from to the US, where he will face a number of terrorism charges.
recID_1254	2	2	National Security Agency has been sharing raw intelligence information with the Israeli government without first filtering it for data on the communications of American citizens.
recID_1256	2	2	The Federal Foreign Office has provided 28 million this year to pay for humanitarian aid for those affected in Yemen.
recID_1257	2	2	The Chinese governments assistance package consisted of $22.5 million in relief supplies aimed at ameliorating food shortages in Yemen and combating the countrys burgeoning cholera epidemic.
recID_1258	2	2	Germany gave 352.5 million euros to promote private investment and sustainable economic development in Ethiopia.
recID_1259	2	2	The Canadian International Development Agency gave $2 million to Nigeria's agricultural sector to facilitate rural growth.
recID_1260	2	2	EU provides 45m support for agri-businesses in Nigeria and other African countries.
recID_1261	2	2	New Zealand donated USD1 million to the World Food Program in Afghanistan, said Prime Minister Helen Clark.
recID_1262	2	2	Australian aid also supported 2 million more Pakistani girls going to school.
recID_1263	2	2	Australia lended $1 billion to Indonesia to aid the country's COVID-19 recovery, the latest in a line of measures designed to bolster Canberra's relationships with its Southeast Asian and Pacific neighbors.
recID_1265	2	2	At least 20,000 donations totaling $670,000 had come to Navajo bation from Ireland by Wednesday morning, a GoFundMe representative told the Navajo and Hopi organizers.
recID_1266	2	2	Money donated by the Irish is part of $3.6 million that's been raised to help about 4,300 Hopi and Navajo households.
recID_1267	2	2	Ireland annually provides 10 million in bilateral and multilateral aid to the Palestinian people and organizations, including 3.5 million through the UNRWA.
recID_1268	2	2	The New Zealand government provided an additional $2 million in assistance to Fiji in response to Cyclone Yasa.
recID_1270	2	2	Since 1978, the United States has provided Egypt with what now totals over $50 billion in military and $30 billion in economic assistance.
recID_1272	2	2	Ireland has already provided over 3.5 million in humanitarian funding to Lebanon in 2020.
recID_1273	2	2	In all, 30,000 Irish soldiers served in Lebanon over 23 years.
recID_1274	2	2	Britain has sent 100 armoured patrol vehicles and a team of paratroopers to Lebanon to help the country patrol its borders and stop terrorists, drugs and weapons from entering Europe.
recID_1275	2	2	The United States has provided the Lebanese Armed Forces (LAF) with aircraft, vehicles, weapons, and other equipment to help keep the countrys borders secure and conduct counterterrorism operations.
recID_1277	2	2	Russia gave to Armenia some of the military equipment without demanding payment or as loans, SIPRI research showed.
recID_1278	2	2	Germany and UNICEF hand over 30 vehicles to support mobile health and nutrition services for children in Afar and Somali regions.
recID_1280	2	2	EU and UN hand over urgently needed essential medical supplies to the Nigerian Government.
recID_1281	2	2	U.S. military gives medical equipment to Nicaragua.
recID_1282	2	2	As of January 20, USAID had contributed $90 million to the U.N. appeal, including $22 million in non-food assistance and $68 million in food assistance.
recID_1283	2	2	The non-governmental organization Medecins Sans Frontieres flew over 13 metric tons of medicine into Afghanistan.
recID_1285	2	2	U.S. military aircraft, helicopters, and vessels are giving the highest priority to the shipment of water to the Haitian people.
recID_1286	2	2	USAID deployed seven search-and-rescue teams as part of an international rescue effort that saved more than 130 lives in Haiti.
recID_1287	2	2	USAID and other international donors provided support for the installation of more than 11,500 latrines and 25 water systems to Haitian people.
recID_1288	2	2	In cooperation with international partners, USAID provided basic shelter materials to 1.5 million people in the five months after the earthquake in Haiti.
recID_1289	2	2	The German government announced on Wednesday that it has earmarked 1.5 million euros ($2.2 million) in emergency aid to help Haiti cope with the devastion caused by Tuesday's earthquake.
recID_1290	2	2	Germany on Thursday announced a sixfold increase in funding to fight the Ebola epidemic in West Africa.
recID_1291	2	2	Germany is adding a specialized medical evacuation airplane to the voluntary pool of resources which EU countries have made available to fight the Ebola epidemic in West Africa.
recID_1293	2	2	The EU has provided more than 1.2 billion for humanitarian and development aid and medical research to stem and ultimately end the current Ebola outbreak in West Africa.
recID_1294	2	2	The United States, India, Israel, Pakistan and other governments have sent emergency supplies and personnel such as doctors to Nepal.
recID_1295	2	2	Troops and emergency aircraft from the United States have arrived in Nepal to help deliver aid to remote areas hit by last week's devastating earthquake.
recID_1297	2	2	The US military sent 200 troops in Syria to serve as a peacekeeping force after it pulls out most of its soldiers, the White House says.
recID_1299	2	2	The U.S. Army training team developed the comprehensive seven-week course following an invitation from the Nigerian government.
recID_1300	2	2	Britain is deploying 300 troops to the UN peacekeeping mission in Mali to help strengthen security and human rights there, its defense ministry said Thursday.
recID_1302	2	2	Ecuador has granted political asylum to Julian Assange.
recID_1303	2	2	Mexico had decided to grant political asylum to Evo Morales in virtue of the urgent situation which he faces in Bolivia.
recID_1304	2	2	The United States accepted 1,141 Iraqi refugees in May, the most the U.S. has taken in one month, and officials say they're on track to meet this fiscal year's goal of 12,000.
recID_1305	2	2	State of Colorado accepted Syrian refugees, Hickenlooper says.
recID_1306	2	2	Germany accepts more than 1,500 people now living in Greek refugee camps.
recID_1307	2	2	President Bush helped establish an emerging democratic Afghan government improving the lives of the Afghan people, especially women and children.
recID_1309	2	2	US have supported the Burmese people to bring peaceful change and democratic transition to their country.
recID_1310	2	2	The Vice President announced the U.S. government had provided $340 million for assistance in northern Iraq, focusing on helping full inclusion, tolerance, and protection of the rights of religious minorities.
recID_1311	2	2	Secretary of State Mike Pompeo lifts restrictions on their Taiwanese counterparts.
recID_1312	2	2	President Obama lifted all restrictions on the ability of individuals to visit relatives in Cuba, as well as to send them remittances.
recID_1313	2	2	The U.S. rolled back tariffs on Chinese goods in exchange for more U.S. goods purchases.
recID_1314	2	2	U.S. reduced tariffs on $120 billion of Chinas exports from 15 percent to 7.5 percent.
recID_1315	2	2	France suspended a 3% digital tax on U.S. tech companies.
recID_1316	2	2	French Prime Minister Edouard Philippe lifted a 100 kilometres travel restriction, which it had imposed to try and curb the spread of the coronavirus.
recID_1318	2	2	The United States eased some sanctions against Burma.
recID_1320	2	2	The U.S. Treasury Department removed the sanctions on Rusal and other companies linked to Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska.
recID_1321	2	2	The U.S. State Department has decided to ease some of its most stringent restrictions on humanitarian assistance to North Korea, lifting travel restrictions on American aid workers and loosening its block on humanitarian supplies destined for the country.
recID_1324	2	2	Authorities ease curfew as businesses reopen in Amman April 27.
recID_1325	2	2	The Egyptian military council also decided to ease restrictions on the formation of political parties.
recID_1326	2	2	Egypts presidency has decided to ease curfew hours imposed in some parts of North Sinai on election days to allow residents to cast their ballots in the parliamentary elections.
recID_1327	2	2	Egypt has lifted a three-month-old state of emergency that was implemented following the ouster of President Mohammed Morsi.
recID_1330	2	2	In 2017, the South Sudan government eased some restrictions on the movement of humanitarian workers in conflict zones.
recID_1331	2	2	Brazil's truck drivers called off a four-day strike just hours after reaching agreement with the Brazilian government.
recID_1332	2	2	Public workers in Brazil call off a strike that had been causing disruption across the country after the Brazilian government accepted to pay deal.
recID_1333	2	2	Brazil's main oilworkers' confederation called off a five-day strike against state-led oil company Petrobras, a union spokeswoman said on Friday.
recID_1334	2	2	Indian coal workers called off the two-day old strike after the agreement with the Indian government.
recID_1335	2	2	Nepal's government accepts the key demands by protesters in southern Nepal.
recID_1336	2	2	Nepals government and former rebel Maoists have accepted the demands by protesters in the southeast of the country for greater political representation.
recID_1337	2	2	Algeria's President Abdelaziz Bouteflika has resigned after weeks of massive street protests.
recID_1338	2	2	Interim President Manuel Merino resigned on Sunday, after protests calling for his removal in Peru.
recID_1339	2	2	Kyrgyz President Sooronbay Jeenbekov resigned Thursday, after 10 days of unrest sparked by disputed parliamentary elections in Kyrgyzstan.
recID_1340	2	2	President Sooronbai Jeenbekov resigned on Thursday, to allow the nationalist rival to take the power.
recID_1341	2	2	The president of Kosovo resigned Thursday after being accused of war crimes and crimes against humanity in The Hague.
recID_1342	2	2	Suharto resigned as president of Indonesia on 21 May 1998 following the collapse of support for his three-decade-long presidency.
recID_1343	2	2	Mikhail Gorbachev announces that he is resigning as president of the Soviet Union.
recID_1345	2	2	The Sao Paulo state government conceded yesterday to demands from the Neighborhood Association to block construction of a subway station.
recID_1346	2	2	The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service returned to Brazil last Wednesday 21 frogs from the Adelphobates galactonotus species.
recID_1347	2	2	The US authorities returned the wild monkeys to Democratic Republic of the Congo.
recID_1350	2	2	The United States returned two paintings to the government of Brazil.
recID_1355	2	2	On May 12, 2010, US government returned dozens of pre-Columbian and Mayan artifacts to the Embassy of El Salvador.
recID_1356	2	2	Immigration and Customs Enforcement returned 12 human skulls that date back to A.D. 640-890 to Peru on April 7, 2010.
recID_1357	2	2	On March 24, 2010, the United States returned a 20th century oil painting that was stolen in 1989 from the Marlborough Art Gallery in Manhattan to the Art Loss Register.
recID_1358	2	2	An ancient Egyptian sarcophagus was returned to the Arab Republic of Egypt by ICE and CBP officials on March 10, 2010, at the National Geographic Society in Washington D.C.
recID_1360	2	2	The United States returned six Iraqi artifacts to the government of Iraq after investigation by ICE.
recID_1362	2	2	DHS returned cultural artifacts, including a Corinthian column krater and a Pompeii wall panel fresco, to the government of Italy.
recID_1365	2	2	DHS returned a 16th century two-volume Hebrew Bible to its owners 71 years after it was stolen by the Nazis.
recID_1366	2	2	ICE returned 1,044 cultural antiquities to the government of Iraq that were seized in four separate investigations dating to 2001.
recID_1368	2	2	Egypt has released Al Jazeera journalist Mahmoud Hussein after more than four years in detention on accusations of publishing false news, a security source said Friday.
recID_1371	2	2	Two Russian citizens were released from captivity by U.N.-backed government on Thursday, officials in Russia said.
recID_1372	2	2	Eighteen Italian fishermen, held captive in Libya for more than 100 days, have been freed by Libya forces, ending a political standoff between the two countries over the fate of the men.
recID_1373	2	2	Libya freed 37 prisoners late on Tuesday, including at least one former detainee at the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay, who had been jailed for links to radical Islamist groups but have since renounced violence.
recID_1374	2	2	South Sudanese militia has freed 280 child soldiers as part of a wider deal to release about 3,000 under-age fighters, the UN's children agency Unicef has said.
recID_1375	2	2	Peter Biar Ajak was released Saturday after South Sudan President Salva Kiir pardoned him along with 30 prisoners.
recID_1376	2	2	Venezuela releases dozens of political activists.
recID_1378	2	2	The Venezuelan government has released another 40 opposition politicians and activists, bringing to 79 the number of people freed in the past two days.
recID_1379	2	2	The Democratic Republic of Congo has freed a US diplomat it arrested but is still detaining several young political activists.
recID_1380	2	2	Syrian authorities have freed prominent blogger Razan Ghazzawi, arrested last week during a security raid on the Syrian Centre for Media and Freedom of Expression.
recID_1381	2	2	The Islamic State group released at least 19 Christians on Sunday.
recID_1382	2	2	Egypt finally let free the 27-year old Egyptian-American Mohamed Soltan, who had been held in a military prison in Cairo for almost two years.
recID_1383	2	2	Yemen let free activists in the face of Tunisia-inspired protesters.
recID_1385	2	2	Ethiopia let free some 74 political leaders and members of a tiny rebel group.
recID_1386	2	2	The detained American vessels were released by Iranian Revolutionary Guards.
recID_1389	2	2	The U.S. lifted sanctions against a unit of Chinas biggest shipping company that was accused of hauling Iranian crude in violation of American restrictions.
recID_1390	2	2	The Bush administration has lifted sanctions imposed on China because of transactions made by two Chinese companies involving missile technology.
recID_1391	2	2	Japan on Friday lifted sanctions on Iran, falling in line with major world powers after the United Nations atomic energy agency confirmed last weekend that Tehran had fully taken steps to curb its disputed nuclear program.
recID_1392	2	2	Japan has decided to partially lift 2-year-old economic sanctions imposed on India and Pakistan after their nuclear tests.
recID_1393	2	2	Japan lifts sanctions against both India and Pakistan in recognition of their support for the US-led war on terrorism.
recID_1394	2	2	UN sanctions against Iran were lifted on 16 January 2016.
recID_1395	2	2	The U.N. Security Council on Wednesday lifted sanctions imposed on Eritrea nine years ago.
recID_1397	2	2	Musicians have lifted a seven-month boycott of the University of the Streets, a jazz venue on the Lower East Side.
recID_1398	2	2	The UAE formally lifted the pre-existing trade and travel restrictions between it and Israel.
recID_1399	2	2	The United States recently lifted its economic embargo against both Libya and Iraq.
recID_1400	2	2	U.S. Lifts Travel Ban to Lebanon.
recID_1401	2	2	The United Nations failed to renew the arms embargo on Iran.
recID_1402	2	2	Hundreds of British troops have arrived in Mali to join the United Nations peacekeeping mission there.
recID_1404	2	2	Japanese peacekeepers arrive at the Juba airport to participate in the United Nations Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS) in South Sudan's capital Juba, Nov. 21, 2016.
recID_1405	2	2	Japan is sending troops to the United Nations peacekeeping force in South Sudan.
recID_1406	2	2	Kosovo is sending a military platoon to Kuwait, its first ever involvement in an international peacekeeping mission.
recID_1407	2	2	First contingents of West African peacekeeping troops arrive in Monrovia.
recID_1409	2	2	Dozens of Russian peacekeepers destined for Nagorno-Karabakh began deploying Tuesday, hours after Armenia and Azerbaijan agreed to halt fighting over the separatist region.
recID_1414	2	2	President Salva Kiir Mayardit declared a unilateral ceasefire on Monday in South Sudan and promised to release political prisoners.
recID_1415	2	2	The President Omer al-Bashir on Monday has declared an open-ended cessation of hostilities at all war zones until achieving peace in Sudan.
recID_1416	2	2	Sudans government allowed humanitarian relief to war-torn parts of the country and renewed a ceasefire pact with major rebel groups at peace talks in South Sudan.
recID_1417	2	2	The Ogaden National Liberation Front (ONLF) has declared a unilateral ceasefire effective from Sunday in Somalia.
recID_1419	2	2	Government of National Accord (GNA) announced a unilateral ceasefire on Friday in Libya, a statement from its leadership said.
recID_1420	2	2	Libya's renegade Gen. Khalifa Haftar has declared a ceasefire in Tripoli, ending a nine-month campaign to seize the capital.
recID_1421	2	2	In Colombia, the ELN declared a monthlong ceasefire on 1 April.
recID_1422	2	2	The Ethiopian government allows UN humanitarian aid workers expanded access to the Tigray region.
recID_1423	2	2	In early December, Ethiopian authorities struck a deal with the United Nations to allow humanitarian supplies to reach the many people in need in Tigray.
recID_1425	2	2	Saudi Arabia lifted its blockade of Yemen.
recID_1426	2	2	France lifted its 48-hour blockade of the U.K.
recID_1427	2	2	Twenty New People's Army (NPA) rebels surrendered to the police in Camarines Norte Monday afternoon.
recID_1428	2	2	Soldiers from the NDC-R have surrendered to the Congo government just over a month after they attempted to overthrow the groups leader.
recID_1429	2	2	A rebel leader dropped his guns and surrendered on Friday in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
recID_1432	2	2	Isis fighters have surrendered their final scrap of territory in Syria to US-backed forces, giving up land they once declared a caliphate.
recID_1434	2	2	A local Taliban leader and his five associates have given up fighting and surrendered in Afghanistan's northern Faryab province, an army source said Tuesday.
recID_1436	2	2	The United States completed its withdrawal of troops from Iraq in December 2011.
recID_1437	2	2	American troops have begun leaving Afghanistan for the initial troop withdrawal required in the peace agreement.
recID_1438	2	2	Russia has begun withdrawing some of its troops from Syria, Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu said on Monday.
recID_1439	2	2	A U.S. federal judge Thursday approved the extradition of former Panamanian President Ricardo Martinelli to Panama to face charges of corruption and spying on his political opponents.
recID_1440	3	3	Ethiopias Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed rejected U.S. calls for a unilateral ceasefire in the northern Tigray region and dismissed allegations of ethnic cleansing, according to a senior U.S. lawmaker sent to Addis Ababa by President Joe Biden.
recID_1441	3	3	President Trump has threatened severe sanctions against Iraq after its parliament called on US troops to leave the country.
recID_1442	3	3	Congo government rejects demands from rebel group.
recID_1443	3	3	The United Nations General Assembly condemned the North Korea's gross violations of human rights.
recID_1444	3	3	Ukraine accuses Russia of sending the tanks, training and fighting alongside the separatists.
recID_1445	3	3	India and the US have both indicted Sajid Mir, for the three-day attacks on hotels, a train station and a Jewish centre which left 166 people dead.
recID_1447	3	3	The French government accuses Russia of having brought its intelligence-gathering satellite Olymp-K, also known as Louch, into close proximity of the French-Italian military satellite Athena-Fidus in 2017.
recID_1448	3	3	Russia has refused to join in the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) exercises, called Peace Shield 2000.
recID_1450	3	3	South Africa's government has condemned an anarchic protest by white farmers who stormed a court building and burnt a police vehicle on Tuesday.
recID_1451	0	0	The Houthis also claimed that they had attacked the Saudi airport of Abha and the Khamis Mushait military base.
recID_1453	0	0	UNITA had separately claimed that they had attacked the Catumbela air base on Monday, also on the outskirts of Benguela.
recID_1454	0	0	Houthi rebels of Yemen has claimed that they had attacked the cities in Saudi Arabia with rockets and drones.
recID_1456	0	0	The Israelis claimed responsibility on attacks on Palestinian machinery used to make missiles and found seven Qassem short-range rockets.
recID_1457	0	0	The EU Commission is considering sending aid to moderate Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, bypassing the Palestinians' Hamas-led government.
recID_1458	0	0	Japan is considering sending aid to North Korea following devastating floods this month.
recID_1459	0	0	The South Korean government is considering sending aid to help North Korea cope with severe flood damage.
recID_1460	0	0	Putin, President of Russia, is considering sending aid to the Iraqi government.
recID_1461	0	0	Kazakhstan is considering sending aid to its beleaguered poor neighbor Kyrgyzstan that saw a political turmoil last month that changed the government.
recID_1463	0	0	Pittsburgh is considering giving money to developers or homeowners to take on green building projects.
recID_1464	0	0	The Florida Legislature is considering giving money to local communities that would be used to combat sea level rise and flooding.
recID_1465	0	0	DPKO is exploring the possibility of transferring tactical helicopters from another UN Mission to Darfur.
recID_1469	0	0	The Alberta government is considering giving money directly to municipal police services if the local politicians in charge of setting budgets for their respective law enforcement agencies cut their funding.
recID_1470	0	0	Former Senator Bob Dole says he is considering giving money to Senator John McCain's presidential campaign, never mind that his wife, Elizabeth Dole, also may seek the Republican nomination.
recID_1472	0	0	French President Emmanuel Macron on Friday rejected accusations by opposition party that his government had taken an illiberal turn with a contested bill to protect police officers.
recID_1473	0	0	ICRC has rejected accusations by the government of Sierra Leone that it had used communications equipment to aid the rebels in Freetown.
recID_1474	0	0	Brazil embassy rejected accusations by Maduro against the government of the Federative Republic of Brazil and its president.
recID_1475	0	0	The Chinese government has rejected accusations by US of genocide and other human rights violations in Xinjiang.
recID_1476	0	0	Iran's foreign ministry on Monday strongly rejected accusations by Netanyahu that Tehran was behind the attack on the Israeli-owned ship.
recID_1477	0	0	The SA Government has fiercely rejected accusations it covered up an old coronavirus case among international tennis arrivals who touched down in Adelaide for an Australian Open lead-up event last month.
recID_1478	0	0	North Korea has repeatedly rejected accusations by the U.S. about human rights abuses and blames sanctions for a dire humanitarian situation.
recID_1479	0	0	Venezuelan authorities have rejected allegations by the U.S. of high-ranking involvement in the drug trade.
recID_1480	0	0	The Swiss government has strongly rejected accusations by many European countries that a deal allowing Chinese officials to enter Switzerland and interrogate Chinese nationals put dissidents at risk.
recID_1482	0	0	The Global Campaign for Equal Nationality Rights called for reform in US laws that discriminate on the basis of gender.
recID_1483	0	0	The US President has called for reform in US that will protect people against unfair insurance practices, provide quality and affordable insurance to every American.
recID_1485	0	0	3 GOP senators called for government reform in Ukrainian politics in 2016 letter.
recID_1486	0	0	On Tuesday, the Green Party submitted reform petitions to US Congress for recognizing their party in the State of Maryland.
recID_1487	0	0	A St. Louis attorney submitted a slate of voter reform petitions in state to Congress.
recID_1488	0	0	The Trump administration has pushed the US Congress for policies that would cut back on collecting data that helps track discrimination in the mortgage market.
recID_1490	0	0	Maria Syms has pushed the Governor of Arizona for state legislation and policies to promote small business and job growth.
recID_1491	0	0	State Senator Daniel Squadron has pushed the NY Governor for reforms to the state's broken ticket reselling law to prioritize fans above special interests since its first extension in 2010.
recID_1492	0	0	President Atambayev has pushed the Kyrgyzstan Parliament for alterations in the constitution.
recID_1493	0	0	Shinzo Abe has pushed the Congress in Japan for the Constitution to be revised by 2020.
recID_1494	0	0	The Bush administration has pushed Iraq for a constitution that will lay the foundation for a broad-based government.
recID_1495	0	0	Nobel peace prize winner Aung San Suu Kyi urged Europe and the United States on Monday to press Myanmar to reform an undemocratic constitution, partly because it effectively bars women from running for president.
recID_1496	0	0	Meanwhile, the European Union urged Ukraine to end its political crisis so the bloc could consider increasing aid to the country's struggling economy.
recID_1497	0	0	General Qamar Bajwa urged Pakistan to elaborate a comprehensive policy to meet security challenges in the country.
recID_1498	0	0	Boris Johnson urged the Parliament of the United Kingdom to change law by dad fighting for justice for his murdered son.
recID_1499	0	0	The LetUsSpeak movement has urged the Victorian Government to review a law preventing sexual assault survivors from publicising their experiences.
recID_1500	1	1	The United Kingdom and the United States signed a landmark data sharing agreement to give law enforcement agencies in one country faster access to digital evidence held by service providers.
recID_1501	1	1	Australia has agreed to lend up to $1 billion to Indonesia to aid the country's COVID-19 recovery, the latest in a line of measures designed to bolster Canberra's relationships with its Southeast Asian and Pacific neighbors.
recID_1503	1	1	The Government of India has agreed to set up National Centre of Excellence for Animation, Gaming, Visual Effects and Comics industry in Mumbai.
recID_1504	1	1	Reliance Jio has agreed to set up a cable landing station at Digha.
recID_1506	1	1	The German government has agreed to set up a new transport infrastructure company in Berlin to plan and administer federal motorways.
recID_1507	1	1	The German government has agreed to offer another large aid package to the cultural sector as part of its New Start for Culture program.
recID_1510	1	1	Frances Fitzgerald agreed to resign leaving the Irelands cabinet on Tuesday.
recID_1511	1	1	Adil Abdul Mahdi has agreed to resign from Iraqi Prime Minister position after weeks of anti-government protests that led to hundreds of casualties.
recID_1514	1	1	North Korea has agreed to re-open its borders for South Koreans to inspect their industrial estate in Kaesong.
recID_1515	1	1	Britain agreed to open its borders to refugee Jewish children.
recID_1516	1	1	Uzbekistan agreed to open its borders for aid trucks to enter Afghanistan.
recID_1517	1	1	France agreed to open its borders to German industrial products in return for support of French agriculture.
recID_1518	1	1	Thailand agreed to open its borders and grant asylum to refugees from Kampuchea.
recID_1519	1	1	Egyptian authorities agreed to open its borders to Somali refugees.
recID_1520	1	1	Ethiopia said it would allow the World Food Program (WFP) to deliver food to some 1 million people, including in hard-to-reach rural areas.
recID_1522	1	1	Assad regime said it would allow the access of UN workers for humanitarian relief purposes.
recID_1524	1	1	Government military officials and a section of the opposition Sudan Peoples Liberation Army in Opposition (SPLA-IO) agreed to allow humanitarian access and facilitate free movement of people and goods.
recID_1525	1	1	Sudanese government agreed to allow the return of UN humanitarian workers to access Darfur.
recID_1526	1	1	Syria has agreed to allow access of United Nations aid workers to deliver aid to 12 besieged areas during the month of June.
recID_1528	1	1	Canada and Costa Rica have agreed to start negotiations for a bilateral free trade agreement, the leaders of the two countries announced Monday.
recID_1529	1	1	The United Kingdom and the European Union have agreed a trade and cooperation agreement, an agreement on nuclear cooperation and an agreement on security procedures for exchanging and protecting classified Information.
recID_1532	1	1	India and MERCOSUR have agreed to give tariff concessions, ranging from 10% to 100% to the other side on 450 and 452 tariff lines respectively.
recID_1533	1	1	US and China have agreed to sign a first trade deal.
recID_1534	1	1	US president agreed to discontinue tariff on about $ 162 billion on Chinese goods and to cut an existing 15% levy on imports.
recID_1535	1	1	Japanese and the Australian armies have agreed to undertake joint military exercises.
recID_1537	1	1	Jordan and Britain have agreed to undertake joint military exercises this month but insisted that the maneuvers were in no way linked to neighbouring Iraq.
recID_1538	1	1	Nigerian and British armed forces have agreed to undertake a joint military exercise early next year.
recID_1539	1	1	Britain and Germany have agreed to share information on company ownership to try clamping down on tax evasion.
recID_1540	1	1	Trump and Putin have agreed to share information on North Korea.
recID_1541	1	1	The Tokyo Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange have agreed to share information on market transactions to ensure fairness and transparency in both markets.
recID_1542	1	1	Pakistan and Afghanistan's intelligence services have agreed to share information and even cooperate on the ground, according to Pakistani officials.
recID_1545	1	1	The US is willing to provide ammunition alongside humanitarian assistance to Turkey in Syrias war-torn Idlib region.
recID_1546	1	1	The United States is willing to provide Brazil with up to $1.5 billion in additional loan guarantees and insurance to finance U.S. exports to the economically troubled nation, an administration official said Wednesday.
recID_1547	1	1	United States is willing to provide a third $1-billion loan guarantee to Ukraine that would be contingent upon Ukraines continued progress on corruption and tax reform.
recID_1548	1	1	The United States is willing to provide our military expertise to the United Nations to help the U.N. strengthen its planning and operations for peacekeeping.
recID_1549	1	1	Germany is willing to provide support to Palestinian refugees to avoid increased suffering.
recID_1550	1	1	Australia is willing to withdraw its troops from Iraq if it was asked to do so by the upcoming interim Iraqi government.
recID_1551	1	1	Sudan is willing to withdraw its troops from Abyei.
recID_1552	1	1	Pakistan is willing to withdraw its troops from the disputed territory of Kashmir.
recID_1553	1	1	Honduras is willing to withdraw its troops from a five kilometer zone along the border.
recID_1554	1	1	Israel was willing to withdraw its troops from the West Bank cities if the PA assumed strong control of the areas.
recID_1556	1	1	The FARC said that they will lay down arms in Colombia in exchange for being able to participate in politics.
recID_1558	1	1	Taliban leaders said the fighters will lay down their arms in Mazar-i-Sharif on Sunday.
recID_1562	1	1	Farc has said it will release the Colombian Sergeant Pablo Emilio Moncayo.
recID_1563	1	1	Ethipian rebels said Saturday they will release a Cuban physician and nurse to U.S. diplomats five months after the two were captured in the fall of a town near the Sudanese border.
recID_1564	1	1	The ELN has said it will release Odin Sanchez, a former Colombian Congressman the rebels have held since April 2016.
recID_1565	1	1	The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia said Thursday that they soon will release Pablo Emilio Moncayo.
recID_1566	1	1	Sri Lankan Tamil rebels have said that they will release two homeguards held captive by them on Monday.
recID_1567	1	1	Communist rebels said Saturday that they will release a kidnaped Peace Corps volunteer and a Japanese citizen to representatives of the International Red Cross in the immediate future.
recID_1569	1	1	Britain and the United States on Wednesday signed an agreement on customs processes to keep trade flowing smoothly between the two countries when Britain fully leaves the orbit of the European Union at the end of the year.
recID_1570	1	1	The US and China have signed an agreement aimed at easing a trade war that has rattled markets and weighed on the global economy.
recID_1571	1	1	Mexico and the United Kingdom signed an agreement to continue trading after the UK leaves the EU.
recID_1572	1	1	Kenya signed an agreement with the U.K. to ensure continued preferential trade terms with its biggest European partner after Brexit.
recID_1573	1	1	The UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson today signed an agreement with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy of Ukraine to strengthen the political and trade ties between the two countries.
recID_1575	1	1	President of Ukraine and Prime Minister of Great Britain signed an agreement on political cooperation, free trade, and strategic partnership.
recID_1576	1	1	China and the Eurasia Economic Union (EAEU) on Thursday signed an agreement on trade and economic cooperation, the first major systematic arrangement ever reached between the two sides.
recID_1579	1	1	Italy is ready to contribute to strengthening African capacities in the area of peacekeeping.
recID_1580	1	1	Finland is ready to contribute to the development of the UN peacekeeping mission deployment plan in Ukraine.
recID_1581	1	1	Vietnam is ready to contribute more to United Nations peacekeeping operations in Syria.
recID_1582	1	1	Russia is ready to contribute to the normalization of the situation in Mali and the creation of conditions for lasting peace and stability there.
recID_1583	1	1	The EU is ready to contribute to the peacekeeping operation in Georgias conflict zones, but a clear and achievable objective is needed for a mission of this kind.
recID_1585	1	1	Cyprus government agreed to a further extension of the UNFICYP peacekeeping force in Cyprus.
recID_1586	1	1	The NATO alliance has agreed to a expansion of its peacekeeping force in Afghanistan beyond the capital, Kabul.
recID_1588	1	1	The Prime Minister said Ethiopian government is committed to opening up the economy to international investors in telecom, logistics, energy, aviation, railways, and industrial parks.
recID_1591	1	1	Iraqi militia groups said Thursday they will return weapons they seized from Iraqi army.
recID_1592	1	1	Iran-allied group announced it will return weapons depots and military bases it has seized from the government.
recID_1593	1	1	U.S. President Donald Trump had agreed to lift sanctions against the North and provide security guarantees in the summit with the Norths leader.
recID_1594	1	1	Mexico and Canada agreed to lift retaliatory tariffs on American products.
recID_1595	1	1	Bahrain, Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates have agreed to lift a ban on imports of Egyptian agricultural products, as the country works to step up exports to narrow its budget deficit.
recID_1596	1	1	China has agreed to lift a ban on imports of British beef that was imposed over a BSE crisis in the 1990s, finance minister Philip Hammond said on Wednesday.
recID_1597	1	1	Russia has agreed to lift its long-running ban on US poultry over the use of chlorine for pathogen reduction.
recID_1598	1	1	US government agreed to lift embargoes against OPEC.
recID_1599	1	1	Somali opposition leaders have agreed to postpone a protest in Mogadishu over election delays originally planned for Friday after last weeks clashes.
recID_1600	1	1	The Haitian group Veye Yo agreed to postpone the Saturday's demonstration in Haiti.
recID_1601	1	1	Protest leaders in Sudan have agreed to end the general strike that brought Khartoum to a standstill this week and are willing to resume power-sharing talks with the ruling military council, an Ethiopian mediator said on Tuesday.
recID_1602	1	1	Armenia and Azerbaijan have agreed to a ceasefire in their conflict over the enclave of Nagorno Karabakh.
recID_1603	1	1	Turkey has agreed to a ceasefire in Syria, but key questions remain unanswered.
recID_1604	1	1	India and Pakistan agreed to a cease-fire to end months of fighting along their disputed border in Kashmir.
recID_1605	1	1	Turkish President Erdogan agreed to a ceasefire halting Turkeys incursion into northern Syria.
recID_1606	1	1	Yemen's warring parties have agreed to a ceasefire in Hodeidah, a major flashpoint in the country's war.
recID_1607	1	1	Afghan Taliban have agreed to a ceasefire in Afghanistan, says chief negotiator.
recID_1609	2	2	Senior Afghan intelligence officials shared evidence with their Pakistani counterparts regarding the involvement of the so-called Quetta Shura in the assassination of former Afghan President Burhanuddin Rabbani.
recID_1611	2	2	The US authorities shared evidence with their Chinese counterparts regarding a suspected child sexual abuser.
recID_1612	2	2	Swiss federal prosecutors have shared evidence with the U.S. Department of Justice which has secured more than 40 guilty pleas, convictions and indictments in its ongoing soccer investigation.
recID_1613	2	2	The U.S. Department of Justice has shared evidence with Mexico under a treaty between the two nations.
recID_1614	2	2	Indian officials have shared evidence with the United States, but they have not permitted that information to be shared with Pakistan, said one Western official.
recID_1616	2	2	In terms of asylum, Lithuania first opened its borders to refugees in 1997.
recID_1617	2	2	In the 1980s, Iran had opened its borders to displaced Afghans who had fled Soviet occupation.
recID_1618	2	2	Germany opened its borders to reduce Syrian inequalities that were a result of their situation.
recID_1620	2	2	Turkey very generously opened its borders to such a large number of Syrians, Iraqis and Afghans.
recID_1622	3	3	France has sent seven military experts to Saudi Arabia to investigate this weekends attacks on their oil facilities, including specialists in explosives, missile trajectory and ground-to-air defense systems, a defense ministry spokeswoman said on Thursday.
recID_1623	3	3	The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration is dispatching a team to Detroit to investigate a collision involving a Tesla that collided with a semitrailer.
recID_1624	3	3	The United States has sent top government officials to Qatar to investigate a recent Fox News report alleging Doha is funding Lebanese Hezbollah militia, according to Al Arabiya sources.
recID_1628	3	3	The Office of Inspector General opened fraud investigations against each of the top 25 providers, which has caused more injury and damages to him, the complaint states.
recID_1629	3	3	The German authorities opened fraud investigations against hundreds of banks over involvement in so-called cum-ex trading fraud between 2001 and 2011.
recID_1630	3	3	The Federal Bureau of Investigation has opened fraud investigations of four of the largest American corporations at the center of the financial turmoil.
recID_1631	3	3	German State Prosecutors opened fraud investigations yesterday against 15 executives and suppliers of Klockner-Humboldt-Deutz, a German internal combustion engine manufacturer.
recID_1632	3	3	German prosecutors have launched an investigation into the business dealings of luxury hospitality group Kempinski.
recID_1634	3	3	Federal Police have launched an investigation into Australian VC recipient Ben Roberts-Smith over allegations of war crimes.
recID_1635	3	3	Chinese regulators have launched an investigation into Alibaba Group and will meet with its affiliate, Ant Group, in the next few days.
recID_1636	3	3	Cyprus authorities have launched an investigation into 70 employees of Wargaming.
recID_1637	3	3	Eritrea has expelled some of the U.N. peacekeepers, raising fears of renewed hostilities with neighboring Ethiopia.
recID_1638	3	3	Russia said on Friday it had expelled diplomats from Poland, Germany and Sweden over their alleged participation in a pro-Navalny demonstration.
recID_1639	3	3	Russia's Foreign Ministry on Monday expelled a Bulgarian diplomat in a tit-for-tat move after the expulsion of a Russian diplomat by Sofia.
recID_1640	3	3	Two inspectors for the United Nations nuclear monitoring agency have been expelled from North Korea amid an escalating standoff over the regime's recent rocket launch.
recID_1641	3	3	Iraq expelled all UNSCOM weapons inspectors charging that UNSCOM has become a spy agency.
recID_1642	3	3	The UN withdrew peacekeepers from the Golan Heights, after the four Filipinos were abducted.
recID_1643	3	3	UN chief withdrew peacekeepers from Rwanda as the genocidaires started the killing.
recID_1644	3	3	UNDOF also withdrew peacekeepers from another position in Syria as a precautionary measure after the recent attacks in their vicinity.
recID_1645	3	3	The UN withdrew peacekeepers from Sinai allowing Nasser to mass his divisions on Israels border.
recID_1646	3	3	Qatar withdrew peacekeepers from the Eritrea-Djibouti border, and Eritrean forces promptly took control of Dumeira Mountain and Dumeira.
recID_1647	3	3	Nigeria Police withdrew the batch of 200 peacekeepers from Liberia in February as part of the termination of the missions mandate scheduled to end on March 30, the mission said.
recID_1648	3	3	Last week, on August 6th, the Sudanese government expelled 20 humanitarian workers employed by the United Nations High Commission for Refugees (UNHCR).
recID_1649	3	3	Omar al-Bashir of Sudan expelled humanitarian aid workers, including those from Save the Children and Oxfam.
recID_1651	3	3	USAID had announced a suspension of aid in Yemen to take effect on March 27.
recID_1652	3	3	US President Trump announced a suspension of aid to Pakistan over its perceived willingness to take firm action against militants in the country.
recID_1653	3	3	Denmark last week announced a suspension of aid to Egypt, pulling the plug on two projects worth about 30m Danish krone (4m).
recID_1654	3	3	The U.S. announced a suspension of aid to Guatemala and threatened to withdraw certain trade preferences.
recID_1655	3	3	The U.S. has suspended aid to the Syrian humanitarian group known as the White Helmets, the State Department confirmed to ABC News.
recID_1656	3	3	President Trump has suspended aid to El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras to stem migration to the United States.
recID_1657	3	3	The United Nations has temporarily suspended aid deliveries in Nigeria, the former stronghold of jihadists Boko Haram, after a humanitarian convoy was attacked, the UN childrens agency Unicef said on Thursday.
recID_1659	3	3	UNRWA said it had suspended aid deliveries to Gaza after the Hamas-run Ministry of Social Affairs stole 10 truckloads of flour and rice delivered to Gaza on Thursday.
recID_1660	3	3	The United Nations has suspended aid deliveries to 100,000 people in Serb-held parts of Bosnia to press Serb forces into allowing food convoys to reach two Muslim towns that are believed to be in desperate need.
recID_1661	3	3	The UK prime minister has cancelled a planned visit to Washington in March amid tensions.
recID_1662	3	3	Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan has cancelled a planned visit to Malaysia under pressure from Saudi Arabia.
recID_1664	3	3	President Vladimir Putin has cancelled a planned visit to Paris, after French President Francois Hollande accused Syrian troops of committing a war crime in Aleppo with Russias support.
recID_1665	3	3	Mexican president Enrique Pea Nieto has cancelled a planned visit to the White House after Trump signed an executive order calling for construction to begin on the much-vaunted border wall between the two countries.
recID_1666	3	3	Pltavchenko cancelled a planned visit to Montevideo after the Uruguayan capital withdrew its plan to honor him as an illustrious citizen.
recID_1668	3	3	The US has suspended military aid to Syrian rebels in an attempt to persuade them to present a united front in peace talks that started last night.
recID_1671	3	3	The United States on Friday suspended military aid to Mali after a group of rebel military officers seized power and placed the West African countrys president under arrest.
recID_1673	3	3	Netherlands and Switzerland immediately suspended military aid and weapons deals with Pakistan.
recID_1674	3	3	Libyan authorities suspended military aid to the country's rebel groups after the ousting of Gaddafi.
recID_1675	3	3	Trump has now suspended military aid to Pakistan by accusing Pakistan of pursuing double-standard policies.
recID_1676	3	3	United States reduced military aid to Argentina by $17 million.
recID_1677	3	3	Clinton Administration sharply reduced military aid to the Colombian army because of its poor record on human rights.
recID_1678	3	3	The US reduced military aid to European allies by $ 30 million.
recID_1679	3	3	Washington suspended military aid to Pakistan that could total more than $2 billion.
recID_1680	3	3	United States suspended military aid to Guatemala due to concerns over human rights violations.
recID_1682	3	3	The United States has suspended food supplies to the Afghan Mujahideen because there are difficulties in monitoring and distribution of food.
recID_1683	3	3	Turkey has suspended food supplies and flights to Armenia.
recID_1685	3	3	The US and South Korea have reduced humanitarian aid to Kim Jong-un's regime in recent years over the country's persistent threats and continued nuclear weapons development.
recID_1686	3	3	The European Commission has suspended humanitarian aid to Gaza because of suicidal fighting among Palestinian factions.
recID_1687	3	3	South Korea suspended humanitarian aid to North Korea after the country conducted its fourth nuclear test in January 2016.
recID_1689	3	3	The Department for International Development has reduced humanitarian aid to Liberia due to the recent escalation of fighting in Liberia.
recID_1690	3	3	The European Commission announced earlier Monday that it had suspended humanitarian aid to Kabul in protest at the harassment of aid organisations by the Taliban.
recID_1692	3	3	Lagumdzija suspended humanitarian aid donations for Sarajevo until aid was delivered to the eastern enclaves.
recID_1693	3	3	China has imposed sanctions on Mike Pompeo, Alex Azar, and Steve Bannon, along with more than 2 dozen other former Trump officials.
recID_1694	3	3	The United States has imposed sanctions against the Russian space organization Glavkosmos and the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) because of the transfer of rocket engine technology.
recID_1696	3	3	The United States Treasury has imposed sanctions on three new Iranian organizations in connection with an alleged disinformation campaign targeting the 2020 election, according to a statement issued late on Thursday.
recID_1697	3	3	Britain has imposed sanctions on Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko.
recID_1698	3	3	The EU has imposed sanctions on China based on Xinjiang related lies and false information.
recID_1700	3	3	Ukraine has imposed sanctions on former President Viktor Yanukovich and ex-Prime Minister Mykola Azarov, freezing their assets and property, banning them from withdrawing capital from the country and stripping them of all state awards.
recID_1701	3	3	The European Union has imposed sanctions today against Russia for its involvement in the 2015 German Parliament (Bundestag) hack.
recID_1703	3	3	In 2012, the UNSC imposed sanctions in relation to Guinea Bissau in response to the military seizing power.
recID_1704	3	3	The United Nations imposed various sanctions in relation to Iraq in 1990 in response to its invasion of Kuwait.
recID_1705	3	3	The UNSC has imposed sanctions on Lebanon in relation to the 2005 terrorist bombing in Beirut, as well as in response to the 2006 conflict between Israel and Hezbollah.
recID_1706	3	3	The United Nations Security Council imposes sanctions on Yemen in response to its ongoing political, security, economic and humanitarian challenges.
recID_1707	3	3	The summit between the EU and Turkey failed to reach agreement on how to solve the migration crisis.
recID_1708	3	3	British and EU negotiators have failed to reach a deal on the Irish border after hours of talks.
recID_1709	3	3	The current Democratic House and Republican Senate have failed to reach agreement on almost any major policy change.
recID_1710	3	3	Netherlands and Russia failed to reach agreement on changing double-taxation treaty, with each side rejecting the others proposals, Russian Finance Ministry says in statement.
recID_1711	3	3	Ukraine and Russia-backed separatist rebels have failed to reach agreement on a prisoner exchange during another round of talks on the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
recID_1712	3	3	The United States and South Korea failed to reach agreement on an elusive free-trade deal.
recID_1714	3	3	U.S. Deputy Secretary of State William Burns ended mediation efforts in Egyptian political conflict Wednesday after extending a weekend visit by 72 hours.
recID_1715	3	3	US envoy Richard Holbrooke ended mediation efforts between Albanian separatists, but announced he'd return soon.
recID_1716	3	3	The U.N. Conciliation Commission ended mediation efforts in the Arab-Israeli dispute after failure to find any settlement.
recID_1717	3	3	France 's conservative government ended mediation efforts with the truckers on Thursday.
recID_1718	3	3	County Commission has ended mediation efforts with Oldcastle over the companys desire to mine sand in the county.
recID_1719	3	3	Biden refuse to lift sanctions to get Iran to the negotiating table.
recID_1720	3	3	Former Soviet republics from the CIS refuse to lift sanctions on Abkhazia.
recID_1723	3	3	U.S. Congress refuse to remove sanctions on the Iranian regime, thereby blocking implementation of a deal that would provide the regime in Tehran.
recID_1724	3	3	The Supreme Court today refused to lift the ban imposed on the Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI) since 2001.
recID_1725	3	3	Ankara still refuses to lift the ban on Cypriot ships.
recID_1726	3	3	Al-Shabaab refuses to lift the ban that they imposed, 16 September 2010, on aid agencies despite a drought affecting over two million people.
recID_1728	3	3	Pakistan refuses to remove the ban on Indian television channels despite the thaw in relations with India.
recID_1731	3	3	France will not lift the ban on UK unconditionally.
recID_1734	3	3	Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said his country will not lift the ban on European Union until the EU provides details about the source of the infections.
recID_1737	3	3	Iran has threatened to close all borders with Iraqi Kurdistan should the semi-autonomous region proceed with a planned referendum on independence from Iraq.
recID_1739	3	3	The Islamic Resistance will not release the soldiers unless Israel releases the Lebanese detainees.
recID_1744	3	3	North Korea has reiterated its demand that US ease sanctions on denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
recID_1745	3	3	Naroda Police have been pressuring the workers at the textile unit of Reliance Industries Limited (RIL) to call off the strike.
recID_1746	3	3	The Nigerian authorities is pressuring lecturers to cancel the strike for better work conditions scheduled to next Thursday.
recID_1747	3	3	Bangladesh said it cannot accept any more refugees from Myanmar, the first time the country has threatened to close its borders to Rohingya fleeing violence.
recID_1748	3	3	Tajikistan says it will not accept refugees from Afghanistan even if they are fleeing the country to avoid a military attack.
recID_1749	3	3	Lebanon says it will not accept any more Syrian refugees, except for exceptional cases.
recID_1750	3	3	Bangladesh says it will not accept any Rohingya refugees fleeing a new spate of ethnic violence in neighbouring Myanmar's western Rakhine State.
recID_1751	3	3	Slovakia says it will not accept Syrian Muslims refugees under a European Union relocation scheme, because they would not feel at home.
recID_1753	3	3	Ssangyong union workers said they will not end the strike until their demands for job security are met the company.
recID_1754	3	3	Junior Doctors Association has warned that it will not end the strike in till their demands are fulfilled.
recID_1755	3	3	Leaders of LAUSD Union of Teachers have said they will not end the strike until their members ratify a contract, but also said they have a system in place that could.
recID_1758	3	3	Teachers have asserted that they will not end the strike until their demands have been met by the palestinian authorities.
recID_1759	3	3	Nirmal Jain, Leader of the House of the East Delhi Municipal Corporation (EDMC), said they will not end the strike till we see some real results.
recID_1761	3	3	Prime Minister Andrew Holness has announced that the government will extend the current nightly curfew in Jamaica.
recID_1762	3	3	Prime minister annoucend Thai government will extend curfew in Bangkok.
recID_1763	3	3	Burmese authorities announced they will extend curfew order in Maungtaw district for two months from December 25, prohibiting outdoor activity from 06:00 to 18:00 and banning assembly of five or more persons.
recID_1764	4	4	Hundreds of employees stopped work on Tuesday in a strike complaining of changes in the wake of Nokias sale of its mobile phones business to U.S. software giant Microsoft.
recID_1765	4	4	Around 2,000 workers in logistic centers in Germany went on strike on Monday, as an action in a long-running campaign for better pay and conditions in Amazon warehouses.
recID_1766	4	4	Three thousand employees stopped work on Dec. 10, staging a sit-in strike in response to GE's decision of firing draftsmen who has organized an IWW union.
recID_1769	4	4	Workers at Cerro Verde mine in Peru went on strike for better pay and conditions on Freeport-McMoRan Inc.
recID_1770	4	4	Matamoros workers went on strike to protest Mexican president's decision of doubling the minimum wage in Mexican states along the border.
recID_1771	4	4	Russia has strengthened its forces in Crimea amid ongoing confrontation with Ukraine in the Kerch Strait and the Sea of Azov.
recID_1773	4	4	NATO strengthened its forces in Europe to stop possible Russian military action after Russia seized Crimea from Ukraine in 2014.
recID_1774	4	4	Peshmerga has intensified its forces in a number of areas in Mosul city and announced that it will add these areas to Iraqi Kurdistan Region while IMIS had controlled other areas in the left bank of the Mosul city.
recID_1775	4	4	On Thursday, Israel mobilized the army for a potential ground assault against Palestina.
recID_1776	4	4	The Israeli military has mobilized troops for a possible order to unilaterally move against Syria's chemical weapons, Asian News International reported.
recID_1777	4	4	King Abdulaziz mobilized the troops for a battle against the remnants of the Brotherhood, that will crush the disobedient.
recID_1778	4	4	In the fall of 1990, President George Herbert Walker Bush mobilized troops for the first Gulf War against Iraq.
recID_1780	4	4	Indian authorities have imposed a curfew in parts of Kashmir to stop fresh demonstrations following the killings of four people by Indian troops.
recID_1781	4	4	The authorities have imposed a curfew in the New York City and ramped up police presence after violence and looting incidents were reported across the city amid widespread protests triggered by the custodial killing of African-American George Floyd.
recID_1782	4	4	Authorities in Pakistan have imposed a curfew in parts of North West Frontier Province, where military forces are battling militants loyal to a pro-Taliban cleric.
recID_1783	4	4	Iraqi officials have imposed a curfew on Basra starting at 4pm local time (1300 GMT) on Saturday, a military statement said.
recID_1785	4	4	A court in Venezuela has banned national newspapers from printing graphic photographs of murders and violence.
recID_1786	4	4	Venezuela has banned a second opposition member, former mayor Vicencio Scarano, from holding public office for a year, meaning he will not be able to run in Decembers parliamentary election.
recID_1787	4	4	Venezuela has banned opposition leader Juan Guaido from holding public officer for a period of 15 years, according to Reuters, citing state comptroller Elvis Amoroso.
recID_1790	4	4	Algeria authorities suspended publication of Algerias largest newspaper.
recID_1791	4	4	Bolivian authorities declared a state of siege in Bolivia to begin at midnight Friday in the eastern department of Pando, which has been the site of recent unrest.
recID_1793	4	4	New Colombian President Mr Alvaro Uribe has declared a state of emergency in Colombia to fight what the government described as a regime of terror following a surge of war violence.
recID_1794	4	4	Prez Molina declared the state of siege on May 3 in Santa Cruz Barillas and sent in an initial force of 260 troops and national police to restore order after a group of 200 men armed with machetes and guns took over a military base in the area.
recID_1795	4	4	Bolivian President Evo Morales declared a state of siege in Pando, and dispatched the army to move on Cobija in order to retake its airport, which had been occupied by right wing bands.
recID_1796	4	4	The UN has declared a state of siege in Katanga pending a manhunt for missing independence leader Patrice Lumumba, believed a victim of shady government manipulations.
recID_1797	4	4	Government of Guatemala declared a state of siege in Santa Cruz Barillas and mobilized police and military to the area for almost three weeks.
recID_1798	4	4	Roberto Micheletti declared a 45-day state of siege following Zelaya's September 21, 2009, announcement that he had clandestinely returned to Honduras and taken refuge in the Brazilian Embassy in Tegucigalpa.
recID_1799	4	4	President Otto Prez Molina declared a state of siege in the town and sent in troops and police with the order to capture the ringleaders.
recID_1800	4	4	Israeli forces have imposed blockades around Palestinian towns in the West Bank, sometimes causing severe shortages of necessities like flour, sugar, and gasoline.
recID_1801	4	4	Saudi Arabia has imposed blockades on Saudi air and sea ports following the operation to prevent Houthi rebels from getting arms supplies.
recID_1802	4	4	Sudanese Government imposed blockades in some parts of west Darfur that prevented humanitarian agencies from providing lifesaving assistance to those in need.
recID_1803	4	4	Maduro has now closed Venezuelas land borders with Brazil and Colombia, and severed diplomatic ties with Colombia.
recID_1804	4	4	Ghana closed its borders with Ivory Coast, Togo and Burkina Faso to address any security concerns related to the Sunday's run-off election.
recID_1805	4	4	Iranian-backed Houthis have violated a UN-brokered ceasefire more than 200 times in less than two weeks.
recID_1806	4	4	Azerbaijani forces violated the ceasefire about 80 times this morning.
recID_1807	4	4	Government forces and aligned youth's violated South Sudans ceasefire in a September attack in Jezeera, the countrys ceasefire monitors said in a report published today.
recID_1808	4	4	In recent months Syria and Israel have fired across the ceasefire line and violated agreements regulating the force limitation zones.
recID_1809	4	4	Members of the New People's Army violated Philippine's holiday ceasefire in Compostela Valley.
recID_1810	4	4	Britain was responsible for the killing of 24 unarmed Malayan civilians who were shot dead by British troops during a campaign against Communist insurgents, a London court ruled on Tuesday, contradicting the official government position.
recID_1811	4	4	Hussein was responsible for mass killings of Kurdish people in the late 1980s, using poison gas to kill them and ordering killings of male Kurds.
recID_1812	4	4	Kony and the LRA are responsible for mass killings, rapes and child abductions throughout Central African Republic.
recID_1813	4	4	Los Zetas cartel has been responsible for mass killings and beheadings in northern Mexico.
recID_1814	4	4	Leaders of the two sides are responsible for mass killings and rapes in South Sudan.
recID_1816	3	3	Pyongyang has violated a ban by UN on ballistic missile tests.
recID_1817	3	3	Maduros vice president has violated a EUs ban on entry into Spanish territory.
recID_1818	3	3	A UN human rights expert has called for sanctions against Myanmar's military-run companies for serious violations.
recID_1819	3	3	A U.S. congressional report called for sanctions against China over human rights abuses.
recID_1820	3	3	EU called for sanctions against the entities in Uganda responsible for human rights violations.
recID_1821	3	3	Benjamin Netanyahu has called for sanctions against the international criminal court and people who work for it, a month after its chief prosecutor announced she intended to investigate alleged Israeli war crimes.
recID_1823	3	3	Activists had called on social media followers across Europe to join thousands at a rally in Berlin against Germany's coronavirus rules.
recID_1824	3	3	Students have called for Egyptians to join Fridays mobilization against army rule in a march from Cairo's Ain Shams university.
recID_1825	3	3	Anti-war groups called on low-wage workers and community activists to mobilize against U.S. war moves in Ukrain.
recID_1826	3	3	Victoire Ingabire, leader of the FDU-Inkingi political party, was arrested in Rwanda for collaborating with a terrorist group.
recID_1827	3	3	Serb population was arrested in Tarcin for collaborating with enemy forces.
recID_1828	3	3	The jornalist Moussa Tchangari was arrested on Monday in Niger for collaborating with Boko Haram Islamists earlier this week.
recID_1829	3	3	Ingabire was arrested in Rwanda for collaborating with a terrorist organization and other genocide-related accusations.
recID_1831	3	3	Ranil Wickremesinge, the former Prime Minister of Sri Lanka, on Monday said the Sri Lankan government must ensure security and provide basic amenities to the people of the country.
recID_1832	3	3	Indonesia's donors Friday said that Indonesia must ensure security throughout the country after the Oct. 12 Bali bombing.
recID_1834	3	3	Father Emmanuel Yousaf said that the government must ensure security and protection for the church leaders and for all religious minorities.
recID_1835	3	3	UN is pushing hard for the Afghan government propose a humanitarian ceasefire with the Taliban.
recID_1836	3	3	U.S. is pushing hard Palestinian state for a negotiated settlement with Israel sooner.
recID_1837	3	3	President Donald Trump said Wednesday that North Korea must do something meaningful on denuclearization before he would support lifting economic sanctions.
recID_1838	3	3	The U.S. has said that North Korea must first disarm before it can receive aid.
recID_1839	3	3	United States President Donald Trump said on Thursday that the brutal oppression of the Venezuelan people must end soon.
recID_1840	3	3	EU says military intervention in Venezuela must be avoided.
recID_1844	3	3	Eritrea's ambassador to the African Union said on Tuesday that Qatar must mediate with neighbouring Djibouti over the two countries' disputed border.
recID_1846	3	3	United Nations said EU must mediate US-Iran conflict.
recID_1847	3	3	Russia says Israel must end attacks on Syria after latest strikes.
recID_1848	1	1	President Obama has offered to send troops to Uganda and neighboring countries to help African troops pursue members of the Lord's Resistance Army.
recID_1849	1	1	The U.S. has offered to send up to 30,000 troops to distribute supplies in Somalia.
recID_1850	1	1	Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has offered to send troops to Jordan to help combat Islamist militants, after agreeing to deepen military cooperation with the Middle Eastern nation to fight extremism.
recID_1851	1	1	The Bulgarian military has offered to U.S. an additional security for the airport and will make accommodations available to U.S. personnel at a military recreation center at the port.
recID_1852	1	1	Italy has offered to US an armored regiment, attack helicopters and fighter jets, and is expected to make four warships available.
recID_1853	1	1	The US has offered logistical support to French operations in the countrys former colony.
recID_1854	1	1	Australia has offered to send troops to help the Philippines army in its pretty brutal fight against Islamic State, Foreign Minister Julie Bishop has revealed.
recID_1855	1	1	At a meeting the strikers accepted a formula for settling a piecework dispute with the Austin-Morris company.
recID_1856	1	1	Hamas had accepted a formula likely to lead to a resolution its conflict with Israel.
recID_1857	1	1	Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Monday launched a mediation effort to resolve the rift between Qatar and other Gulf states.
recID_1858	1	1	The Organization of African Unity launched a mediation effort designed to help the Government and the secessionists reach a peaceful settlement.
recID_1859	1	1	Russia's president, Mr Vladimir Putin, launched a mediation effort between India and Pakistan in the Kashmir crisis last night.
recID_1863	1	1	The United States and Sudan are upgrading diplomatic ties and will exchange ambassadors for the first time in 23 years.
recID_1864	1	1	Turkey has improved diplomatic relations with Iran and gradually appreciates and supports Irans involvement in Syrias peace process.
recID_1865	1	1	Israel has established diplomatic ties on Saturday with Bhutan, a majority-Buddhist nation neighbouring India, as it looks to continue to expand its diplomatic links internationally.
recID_1866	1	1	Myanmar has established diplomatic ties with Seychelles at ambassadorial level, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said on Friday.
recID_1868	1	1	Indonesia has established diplomatic ties with the South Pacific island nation of Nauru, in what the Indonesian government said is an effort to expand opportunities and strengthen links between the two countries.
recID_1869	1	1	The UAE has established diplomatic ties with Liberia, in a joint statement establishing diplomatic relations at the highest level from May 6, 2009.
recID_1870	1	1	Guyana has established diplomatic relations with the Republic of San Marino, a move that further strengthen ties with the European nation.
recID_1871	4	4	Jordanian authorities have deported at least four Yemeni asylum seekers registered with the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) and have issued deportation orders against others who made asylum claims.
recID_1872	4	4	US authorities have deported a convicted IRA bomber who first travelled to the country 20 years ago.
recID_1873	4	4	Authorities in the U.S. have deported a 95-year-old man Friday who acknowledged working as a guard in a Nazi concentration camp.
recID_1874	4	4	Malaysian immigration authorities have deported 1,086 Myanmar migrants, breaking a court order to halt their repatriation following an appeal by two human rights groups.
recID_1875	4	4	Turkish authorities have deported more than 16,000 Syrians to Idlib this year, including more than 1,900 people in September.
recID_1877	4	4	Guatemalan authorities have deported 2,374 migrants to Honduras who were part of a caravan trying to reach the U.S.
recID_1878	4	4	Tobago's authorities have deported at least 165 Venezuelans in recent weeks.
recID_1879	4	4	US authorities have deported an Irish businessman who lived in Boston for 17 years, sending shockwaves through the state's expatriate community.
recID_1880	4	4	Gul Rahman, a suspected militant, was tortured and killed in a secret CIA prison in Afghanistan.
recID_1883	4	4	Iranian intelligence police tortured a 35-year-old inmate to death in western Iran yesterday.
recID_1884	4	4	Kurdish prisoner Serkan Tumay has died as a result of the torture to which he was subjected in a detention center in Krkkale province in central Anatolia.
recID_1885	4	4	Myanmar Head of Government's party member dies in prison in Rangoon after torture.
recID_1886	4	4	Bohendi was beaten, injured, and then died because of torture in Abu Hamour.
recID_1889	4	4	The government outlawed the African National Congress (ANC) and the recently formed Pan Africanist Congress (PAC), forcing them to cease to exist or to go underground.
recID_1891	4	4	Congo government outlawed Zairian Association for the Defence of Human Right, the countrys leading human rights organization.
recID_1893	4	4	Indian farmers began a one-day hunger strike on Saturday in protest against new agricultural laws imposed by Indian government, after a week of clashes with authorities that left one dead and hundreds injured.
recID_1894	4	4	A small group of protesters seeking justice for Breonna Taylor have been participating in a hunger strike against human rights violations by the Louisville Metro Police Department.
recID_1895	4	4	Imprisoned Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has started a hunger strike to protest against Russian authorities to provide proper treatment for his back and leg pains.
recID_1896	4	4	A Kansas woman has started a hunger strike, protesting the states unemployment system.
recID_1898	3	3	Thousands of Myanmar nationals have sought refuge in India's northeastern state of Mizoram since a military coup and brutal military repression in that country, nonprofits said Monday.
recID_1899	3	3	Around 77,000 Nigerians have sought refuge in Nigers Maradi region, some 7,660 since the start of the year as banditry and armed attacks spread.
recID_1901	3	3	116 people arrived in Kyrgyzstan seeking a refuge in early 2017, the State Migration Service's report for 2016 reads.
recID_1902	3	3	Some 30 thousand Syrians Sought Refuge in the EU in the first quarter of 2015.
recID_1903	3	3	About 243000 South Sudanese refugees have sought refuge in Sudan since a civil war erupted in their country in December 2013.
recID_1904	3	3	Almost 12,000 Iraqi Christians have sought refuge in Amman since ISIL gave Mosul residents the choice to flee or be killed.
recID_1906	3	3	New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has declined to resign after allegations of harassment by several women, despite the pressure by the US Congress.
recID_1908	3	3	The Taliban has issued an ultimatum to Washington after weeks of talks with a U.S. peace envoy.
recID_1909	3	3	Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has issued an ultimatum to Damascus warning of military action if the Syrian government does not withdraw its armed forces from Turkey's observation posts in Syria's Idlib province.
recID_1910	3	3	The US has issued an ultimatum to Turkey: If the country buys the S-400 missile defense system from Russia, sanctions will be imposed.
recID_1911	3	3	The Security Council has issued an ultimatum to India and Pakistan for a ceasefire.
recID_1912	3	3	Russia has issued an ultimatum to Ukrainian forces in the Crimea to clear out by 5 a.m. Tuesday or face a military storm.
recID_1913	3	3	The Ethiopian central government has issued an ultimatum to the Tigray Peoples Liberation Front (T.P.L.F.), reports the B.B.C., giving the Front 72 hours to surrender or else face an assault on the regional capital of Mekelle.
recID_1914	3	3	The European Parliament has issued an ultimatum to Brexit negotiators, warning that MEPs will not ratify a trade deal this year if an agreement is not secured by Sunday night.
recID_1915	3	3	French President Emmanuel Macron has issued an ultimatum to Muslim leaders, giving them 15 days to accept a charter of republican values.
recID_1916	3	3	The United States has issued an ultimatum to Sudan to normalize diplomatic relations with Israel within 24 hours if the African country wants to be removed from the list of terror sponsors, London-based Asharq Al-Awsat reported.
recID_1917	3	3	NSW Premier Gladys Berejiklian has issued an ultimatum to her Nationals colleagues after they threatened to sit on the cross bench because of a dispute over the state's koala protection policy.
recID_1918	1	1	Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has defended China's protocols for handling the pandemic, saying his government shared information with the rest of the world promptly.
recID_1919	1	1	Ambassador Cui Tiankai defended Chinas recent expansion of reefs it claims in the Spratly Islands to include civilian navigation and some military facilities.
recID_1920	1	1	US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has defended US strategy in Afghanistan after the Afghan President called for US Military operations there to be scaled back.
recID_1921	1	1	US President Donald Trump has defended Russia over claims of interference in the 2016 presidential election.
recID_1924	1	1	Biden defended Japans right to administer the uninhabited Senkaku Islands.
recID_1925	1	1	Interior Minister Horst Seehofer on Wednesday defended Germany's decision to take a further 1553 refugees from camps in Greece.
recID_1926	1	1	Chancellor Angela Merkel has defended Germany's decision to advise against the use of AstraZeneca for under-60s in the country.
recID_1927	1	1	Foreign Minister Javad Zarif also strongly defended Iran's position, saying Washington needs to take the first step.
recID_1929	1	1	Defense Minister Waldir Pires defended Brazil's air traffic control system as one of the most secure in the world in testimony before Congress on Wednesday.
recID_1930	1	1	Uribe defended Colombias actions saying the rebels are considered a terrorist group and thereby fair game under international law.
recID_1931	1	1	Mexican President Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador on Thursday defended Mexicos restrictive immigration policy.
recID_1932	1	1	Lopez-Gatell defended Mexicos handling of the epidemic, saying it was adopting measures at an earlier stage than countries that have been hit hard by the virus.
recID_1933	1	1	Jose Vasconcelos defended Mexico's racial and ethnic mestizaje as a superior form of modern amalgamation.
recID_1934	4	4	Indian troops remained on alert Wednesday in New Delhi for Hindu-Muslim riots.
recID_1935	4	4	Israeli troops remained on alert in North District amid heightened tensions.
recID_1936	4	4	Indian troops remained on alert at the Galwan Valley in the Ladakh region of the western Himalayas three days after the clash, in which India said 20 of its soldiers were killed and China had also suffered casualties.
recID_1937	4	4	Philippine troops remained on alert in Manila after BIFF gunmen tried to set off improvised bombs along roads leading to the clash site.
recID_1941	4	4	Cambodian troops remained on alert in case of more fighting erupts in Thailand border.
recID_1944	4	4	Russia launched cyber attacks on the government websites of Georgia in 2008, a move which coincided with military operations in the breakaway province of South Ossetia.
recID_1945	4	4	Hackers linked to the Iranian government launched cyber-attacks on some four dozen U.S. financial institutions and a flood-control dam above New York City in forays meant to undermine U.S.markets and national security.
recID_1946	4	4	Chinese hackers may have launched cyber attacks on India's power system.
recID_1947	4	4	A group of Saudi hackers launched cyber attacks on a number of Iranian government websites in May.
recID_1948	4	4	Azerbaijani hackers launched cyber attacks on a number of Armenian state and media websites.
recID_1950	4	4	Pakistan-based groups have launched cyber warfare against India.
recID_1951	4	4	Estonia, a small but strong country in Northern Europe, has launched cyber warfare against Krugman.
recID_1952	4	4	Pakistan has launched cyber warfare against India by spreading fake propaganda on alleged Islamophobia in India.
recID_1953	4	4	Russia launched cyber warfare against UK with dirty tricks.
recID_1954	4	4	Islamic State militants held around 20,000 civilians as human shields in Raqqa.
recID_1955	4	4	Hezbollah group systematically used Lebanese civilians as human shields, cynically endangering their lives and well being.
recID_1956	4	4	Islamic State forces hold several hundred families as human shields in the Iraqi city of Falluja.
recID_1958	4	4	Taliban militants were holding 2000 people in Buner district in Pakistan to use them as human shields in the case the army attacked.
recID_1959	4	4	India and Pakistan were guilty of violating the ceasefire agreement 70 times along the LoC and Working.
recID_1961	4	4	Turkey and Syria are violating the ceasefire agreement by continuing to battle last night.
recID_1962	4	4	SLM/A and GoS were guilty of violating the Ceasefire Agreement in Sudan.
recID_1963	3	3	China summoned a senior US diplomat on Friday to lodge a formal complaint about US comments on Hong Kong, after proposed US legislation that would require the government to justify the continuation of special treatment for the territory.
recID_1964	3	3	France on Tuesday summoned the Chinese ambassador to complain of unacceptable behaviour after he posted a series of tweets targeting French lawmakers and a researcher.
recID_1965	3	3	Pakistan summoned a senior Indian diplomat to its Foreign Ministry on Thursday to complain about what Islamabad says was indiscriminate and unprovoked firing by India in the disputed Himalayan region of Kashmir.
recID_1966	3	3	Germany on Tuesday summoned the Chinese ambassador in Berlin to complain about the move, saying sanctions against EU lawmakers, scientists, political institutions and non-governmental organizations represented an unreasonable escalation that will unnecessarily strain relations between the EU and China.
recID_1967	3	3	The Polish foreign ministry summoned Germany's charge d'affaires in Warsaw on Wednesday to complain of what it said were inaccuracies and bias in German media coverage of Poland's presidential election.
recID_1968	3	3	India has summoned a top US diplomat to complain about spying after allegations that the National Security Agency (NSA) targeted the governing BJP.
recID_1969	3	3	Iran summoned the UK envoy on Sunday to complain about his attendance at an illegal rally in Tehran to commemorate those killed in a Ukrainian airliner mistakenly downed by the countrys military forces.
recID_1971	3	3	German officials summoned the Egyptian ambassador in Berlin to complain about a raid on a German organization in Cairo.
recID_1973	3	3	The rebel Free Syrian Army on Wednesday threatened to shell positions of the powerful Hezbollah militant group in neighbouring Lebanon after accusing it of firing across the border into territory it controls.
recID_1975	3	3	Bosnian Serb units threatened to shell British forces based in the central Bosnian city of Vitez if western forces launched any type of attack against Serbs anywhere.
recID_1976	3	3	Hezb-e-Islami also threatened to shell Bagram, the military airfield 15 miles north of Kabul.
recID_1977	3	3	North Korea has threatened to shell the 30-foot Christmas tree a Christian group plans to put up on a 400-foot hill on the border.
recID_1978	3	3	Hezbollah threatened to shell Haifa, Israel's third largest city, if Israel hits Beirut and its Shiite suburbs.
recID_1979	3	3	Last week, North Korea threatened to shell South Korean sites if Seoul carries out an operation to make anti-Pyongyang broadcasts and send leaflets across their heavily armed border as its defense minister had suggested earlier this month in parliament.
recID_1980	3	3	Iran threatened to attack US Army base and kill top general.
recID_1981	3	3	The Taliban has threatened to attack any U.S. troops that remain in Afghanistan after May 1 in response to President Joe Bidens refusal on Thursday to commit to the withdrawal deadline.
recID_1982	3	3	Trump threatened to attack 52 Iranian sites if Iran strikes any Americans, or American assets.
recID_1983	3	3	Turkey has also repeatedly threatened to attack Kurdish fighters across the border in north-eastern Syria.
recID_1984	0	0	Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on October 31 suggested that the congress plan, like the Astana talks, is an attempt at reviving the stalled Geneva negotiations.
recID_1985	4	4	Protesters in the eastern Kosovan town of Gjilan burned the Macedonian flag.
recID_1987	4	4	In November, the Egyptian affiliate of the Islamic State launched a brazen attack in which nearly 40 gunmen stormed the al-Rawdah mosque in Egypts sparsely populated Sinai, killing more than 300 worshippers.
recID_1988	0	0	The EU will also propose an international East Jerusalem neighborhood development plan.
recID_1989	1	1	Erdogan will meet European Council President Donald Tusk and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker in Bulgarias Varna at a summit on March 26.
recID_1990	0	0	Brazilian President Michel Temer told that theres a deep concern in Brazil with the escalation of military conflict in Syria.
recID_1992	1	1	Premier Li Keqiang's visit to Germany will push forward bilateral economic and trade cooperation.
recID_1993	0	0	Erdogan has repeatedly expressed his wish that the Saudi king would help heal the breach with Qatar, which has been isolated by the Saudis and other key Arab countries.
recID_1994	4	4	Iraqi forces today started their assault on Mosul's Old City as they press their battle to retake the northern city from the Islamic State group , an army commander said.
recID_1996	1	1	Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov will attend the meeting between President Trump and President Vladimir Putin at the G20 summit, along with translators for each side.
recID_1997	2	2	A U.S. federal judge Thursday approved the extradition of former Panamanian President Ricardo Martinelli to face charges of corruption and spying on his political opponents.
recID_1998	1	1	US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson joined Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif for a first meeting with partners backing the 2015 deal .
recID_2000	4	4	Six persons were killed on Thursday when suspected Boko Haram terrorists ambushed the convoy of the Nigerian Army's commanding officer near Bulabilin, a village along the Maiduguri/Damboa highway.
recID_2001	0	0	President Duterte has expressed hope the newfound oil reserve in Cebu province could save the Filipino people from poverty.
recID_2002	0	0	The EU's chief Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, has said Prime Minister Theresa May's proposals for a backstop customs arrangement in Northern Ireland raise a series of difficult questions.
recID_2004	1	1	Senate President, Bukola Saraki, will on Tuesday, June 19, lead a Senate delegation on a three-day parliamentary visit to Russia.
recID_2005	2	2	US President Donald Trump on Wednesday backed down and abandoned his policy of separating immigrant children from their parents on the US-Mexico border, after images of youngsters in cages sparked outrage at home and abroad.
recID_2006	0	0	On that same day, the Security Council issued a joint statement with the African Unions Peace and Security Council to call for a peaceful and democratic transfer of power following the December vote.
recID_2007	3	3	At a summit between Russia, Iran and Turkey on Friday, President Vladimir Putin rejected Erdogan's call for a truce in Idlib, home to about 3 million civilians.
recID_2009	0	0	British Prime Minister Theresa May says she is considering a European Union proposal that would keep Britain bound to the bloc's rules for more than two years after Brexit.
recID_2010	3	3	The Civil Liberty Organization (CLO) has demanded the immediate trial or release of Sani Baban-Inna, the Aide-De-Camp of Aisha Buhari, wife of President Muhammadu Buhari.
recID_2011	3	3	Immediately after the 9/11 attacks, then US President George W. Bush swiftly rejected every offer made by the Taliban to discuss handing over wanted terrorist Osama bin Laden to a third country and ordered an invasion.
recID_2012	0	0	The President of the Senate, Dr Bukola Saraki called on the people of the state, especially the youth to vote for the PDP and Atiku as president so he would create massive jobs and reduce restiveness in the country.
recID_2013	0	0	The Southern Kaduna People in Diaspora, SOKAD, has called on electorates especially, Southern Kaduna people to cast their votes based on performance of those seeking re-election or vision of those seeking mandates to represent the people for the first time.
recID_2014	3	3	Afghan President Ashraf Ghani, rejected a meeting between the Taliban and a large gathering of prominent Afghan figures, including former President Hamid Karzai, in Moscow earlier this month.
recID_2015	4	4	Turkish police on Monday launched operations to detain 110 more individuals, mostly soldiers, suspected of ties to the group blamed for the 2016 coup attempt, the Ankara public prosecutors office said.
recID_2016	0	0	Afghanistans government is expressing new concerns about a deal that a U.S. envoy says has been reached in principle with the Taliban on ending Americas longest war.
recID_2017	2	2	Pakistans military ruler, Gen. Pervez Musharraf, had given the Pentagon permission to use Pakistani airspace and let the CIA track al-Qaida leaders in Pakistani territory.
recID_2019	0	0	Appealing for funds, Guterres said international solidarity with Uganda was not a matter of generosity, it is a matter of justice.
recID_2020	4	4	The Taliban stepped up their war against the Kabul government after launching this year's summer offensive.
recID_2022	1	1	Yang Jiechi, the State Councillor of China, will host the meeting of BRICS High Representatives responsible for National Security in Beijing on Thursday and Friday.
recID_2023	0	0	Last month, a US Defense Secretary James Mattis led a military ceremony in Wyoming to signify the official return of the bells to the Philippines.
recID_2026	0	0	Exactly three days later, on April 17, 2014, then President Goodluck Jonathan called an emergency National Security Council meeting at Aso Rock Presidential Villa.
recID_2028	3	3	Seventy-two womens organizations, activists, scholars, civil society and human rights organisations in Nigeria, on Tuesday, strongly condemned recent raids, alleged assault and sexual harassment of over 100 women in Abuja.
recID_2030	2	2	The Syrian army command says it has ceased its military operations in several areas near the capital Damascus but warned it will retaliate against any attack by militants.
recID_2031	1	1	The Iranian government declared its support for the Sochi deal despite its previous insistence on inciting the completion of military operations in Idlib and supporting the forces of the Syrian regime, the Revolutionary Guards and its militias.
recID_2033	3	3	UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres has strongly condemned the terrorist attack on a church during a mass in Pakistan's restive southwestern city of Quetta which killed nine people and injured 44 others.
recID_2034	4	4	The Pakistan government recently seized control of the charities run by terrorist Hafiz Saeed.
recID_2036	0	0	Donald Trump falsely claimed victory as millions of votes are yet to be counted.
recID_2038	0	0	Gov. Phil Murphy declined to comment on sexual harassment allegations lodged against New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo by a former aide Friday.
recID_2039	0	0	Gov. Gretchen Whitmer's office declined to comment, deferring to FEMA for details.
recID_2040	0	0	The BCFL has said it is skeptical of the claim that there are no skilled miners to work underground in Canada.
recID_2042	0	0	Rahul Gandhi, a senior leader of India's main opposition Congress party, said he was confident Biden would unite America and provide it with a strong sense of direction.
recID_2043	0	0	Sergei Lavrov and John Kerry said they hoped the plan could avoid military action against Syria.
recID_2045	0	0	US President Joe Biden said on Tuesday that he was confident that China would make an arrangement with the Taliban after Islamic rebels seized power in Afghanistan on August 15.
recID_2046	0	0	President Obama declared he was confident the Supreme Court would uphold the legislation.
recID_2047	0	0	United Nations officials said they hoped more countries would make commitments to reduce single use plastic at a U.N. ocean conference in New York in early June.
recID_2048	0	0	The Swedish government said they hoped to have the infrastructure to issue digital certificates in place by June.
recID_2049	0	0	The South Korean government said it hoped to strengthen ties with UNHCR on such issues as assistance to North Koreans.
recID_2050	0	0	A Mali-based al Qaeda affiliate claimed responsibility on Saturday for attacks in neighbouring Burkina Faso that left 16 people dead, including eight gunmen, at the army headquarters and French embassy, Mauritanian news agency Alakhbar reported.
recID_2051	0	0	ISIS-K has also claimed responsibility for attacks on civilians and government officials in Pakistan.
recID_2052	0	0	Administration officials for months have denied charges by opponents that they plan a bailout for insurance companies providing coverage under the healthcare law.
recID_2053	0	0	The Government today denied charges by Ronald Webster, leader ofthe independence movement in Anguilla, that the British broke a truce agreement with independence advocates on the small Caribbean island. 
recID_2054	0	0	Panama Saturday denied charges by U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Jeanne Kirkpatrick that the nation sympathized with Nicaragua over an invasion of rightist rebels.
recID_2055	0	0	Sierra Leone's Ambassador to the United States yesterday denied charges that his Government had helped conspirators in an unsuccessful coup in Liberia last week.
recID_2056	0	0	The European Union Wednesday urged Iran for full cooperation with the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to resolve outstanding issues and called for a quick resumption of Iran nuclear talks in Vienna.
recID_2057	0	0	On Tuesday, the head of the UN agency for Palestinian refugees urged donor countries to speed up their funding to ensure that services continue after US President Donald Trump slashed funding to the organization.
recID_2058	0	0	Uzbekistan on Thursday asked a coalition of human rights groups, the Cotton Campaign, to end a boycott of Uzbek cotton and textiles so that the Central Asian nation could boost export revenue and create jobs at a time of a global recession.
recID_2059	0	0	UN appeals to South Sudan leaders to stop fighting in Western Equatoria region.
recID_2060	0	0	U.N. appeals to Maduro and Guaid to end battle over humanitarian aid.
recID_2061	0	0	Prime Minister Babi attended ceremony to celebrate the foundation of Czechoslovakia in Martin and Ruzomberok.
recID_2062	0	0	Prime Minister attended ceremony in Pazin marking 70th anniversary of victory over fascism.
recID_2063	2	2	US and Western allies launch war games near Iran waters.
recID_2064	2	2	Germany, Italy and the US are participating in the AsterX space war game at France's national space agency CNES in Toulouse, the first such exercise in France or in Europe.
recID_2065	2	2	The aid package proposed by European Commission is allocating 95 million in humanitarian support to address the most pressing needs of people in Yemen amid record highs of child malnutrition, an imminent threat of famine and renewed fighting.
recID_2067	2	2	The German Government is one of the largest bilateral donors, with support focusing on the areas of water, economic development, public safety (police), governance and education.
recID_2068	2	2	The United States has also provided nearly $1.7 billion in humanitarian assistance to support Syrian refugees in Jordan since the start of the Syria crisis.
recID_2070	2	2	India extradited a top Pakistan militant suspected to have planned the 2008 Mumbai attacks after the United States said last week he was living freely in Pakistan, government officials said on Sunday.
recID_2072	2	2	Refugees in Germany have received food, clothing, hygiene items and childrens toys, thanks to Islamic Relief and our big hearted supporters.
recID_2073	2	2	The U.S. southern command carried out emergency evacuation of families of military personnel and security protection operations in a hospital located in areas returned to Panamanian control.
recID_2074	2	2	Troops of the U.S. southern command stationed along the Panama canal wednedsay and carried out an emergency evacuation exercise in a school.
recID_2075	2	2	The total number of people evacuated from Haiti by the U.S. is approximately 10,500, of which 8,300 were American citizens.
recID_2077	2	2	In Iraq, U.S. troops are involved in a variety of stability tasks, including nation-building activities that have been undertaken in some peacekeeping operations.
recID_2078	2	2	Approximately 2,000 Russian soldiers were deployed as peacekeeping forces along the Lachin corridor between Armenia and Nagorno-Karabakh for a mandate of at least five years.
recID_2080	2	2	Malloy says Syrian Refugees granted asylum are welcome in Connecticut.
recID_2081	2	2	Germany spent a record 23 billion euros ($25.65 billion) last year on helping to integrate more than one million refugees and fighting the root causes of migration abroad.
recID_2082	2	2	Germany paid $662 million in coronavirus aid as a compensation for Holocaust survivors.
recID_2083	2	2	Norwegian authorities are promoting freedom of religion or belief , which is a priority area in the Norwegian Governments work involving international human rights.
recID_2084	2	2	The President established the Commission for Assistance to a Free Cuba to reassure the Cuban people that the United States stands ready to help them transition toward democracy and provided more than $400 million to promote freedom and democracy in Cuba.
recID_2085	1	1	Japan and the United States last month formally signed the limited trade deal to cut tariffs on U.S. farm goods, Japanese machine tools and other products while staving off the threat of higher U.S. car duties.
recID_2086	2	2	Saudi Arabia eased curfew hours it had imposed on several cities during the month of Ramadan to allow people more time to shop for essential needs within the boundaries of their neighbourhoods.
recID_2088	2	2	Broome County Executive Jason Garnar today lifted the State of Emergency declared March 27, 2019, due to a significant spike in fentanyl-related overdose deaths.
recID_2089	2	2	Before the votes were all in, the Workers' Party leader in the lower house, Jose Guimaraes, conceded defeat.
recID_2090	2	2	The government conceded to demands that Guineans overseas, a group regarded as largely favouring the opposition, should be allowed to vote.
recID_2091	2	2	Animals illegally smuggled to Europe by exotic wildlife trader were received by the So Paulo Zoo.
recID_2092	2	2	Three Russians and one Ukrainian have been released from captivity in Libya, the head of a controversial Moscow-based political organization said Saturday, drawing attention to the Kremlins role in conflict-torn Libya.
recID_2093	2	2	Washington has lifted sanctions on high-tech exports to India and Pakistan in the interest of U.S. national security.
recID_2095	2	2	Obama lifts US embargo on lethal arms sales to Vietnam.
recID_2098	3	3	Libyan Defense Minister Salahaddin Namroush has threatened to withdraw from a ceasefire agreement in Libya over practices of warlord Khalifa Haftar.
recID_2099	3	3	The Japanese government condemned the attack as despicable, while Prime Minister Shinz Abe, in addition to his own condemnation, stated that Tokyo was working to collect further information.
recID_2100	0	0	The Arabs claimed that they had attacked the military formation by blowing up the armoured cars.
recID_2101	0	0	For their part, the Americans claimed that they had attacked after receiving intelligence reports that al-Qaida militants were in the area.
recID_2102	0	0	Taliban claimed that they had attacked the school to avenge the killing their relatives by the Army.
recID_2105	0	0	The government of Belarus is exploring the possibility of switching to crypto-mining.
recID_2106	0	0	The UK government is exploring the possibility of using gene editing to modify livestock and food crops, for instance to make crop plants resistant to drought and disease.
recID_2107	0	0	The Delhi government is exploring the possibility of having concrete roads in the national capital as they are more durable and cost effective in comparison to bitumen ones.
recID_2109	0	0	Rep. Don Bacon says, he is considering the possibility of entering next year's race for governor.
recID_2111	0	0	French President Emmanuel Macron rejected accusations his government had taken an illiberal turn with a contested bill to protect police officers and a crackdown on Islamist groups.
recID_2112	0	0	The American-supported interim government Saturday rejected accusations it has denied legal representation to 40 people arrested after the invasion last October that ousted a hardline Marxist regime.
recID_2113	0	0	The Victorian government has rejected claims of populism over a new survey on the adequacy of jail sentences.
recID_2114	0	0	Myanmars civilian president called for reform of a military-drafted constitution and for justice for all recognized minorities under a federal system.
recID_2115	1	1	Germany agreed to accept more than 1,500 people now living in Greek refugee camps.
recID_2116	1	1	The Ethiopian government has agreed to allow UN humanitarian aid workers expanded access to the Tigray region.
recID_2117	1	1	The Libyan National Army (LNA) agreed on 18 September to lift a blockade on oil exports and production which it had imposed in January.
recID_2118	1	1	Government minister says Nepal's prime minister has agreed to resign.
recID_2119	1	1	Prime Minister Andrej Babis agreed to resign on January 17 after the minority cabinet lost a confidence vote a day earlier.
recID_2121	1	1	George Papandreou agreed to resign after an attempt last week to submit the bailout plan to a public referendum created a firestorm in global financial markets.
recID_2122	1	1	Israel has agreed to open its borders with Gaza to allow humanitarian aid and reconstruction materials into the war-battered Palestinian enclave.
recID_2123	1	1	Egypt had agreed to open its borders to allow Iran send humanitarian aid to the Gaza Strip.
recID_2124	1	1	Burma has agreed to allow international aid into the areas devastated by Cyclone Nargis.
recID_2125	1	1	Kuwait and its gulf war allies agreed to stage a joint command exercise, the largest one since december 1991, a senior military official announced today.
recID_2126	1	1	Nearly 70 countries have agreed to share information from their banks as part of a U.S. law that targets Americans hiding assets overseas.
recID_2128	1	1	US was willing to withdraw its troops as soon as a UN international force had been sent to Lebanon.
recID_2130	1	1	The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia said they will hand over the last 40 percent of their arms to the United Nations by June 20, following through with a peace deal signed last year with the government.
recID_2132	1	1	The Africa Union therefore agreed to establish an interim peacekeeping force comprised of Ethiopian, Mozambican and South African troops.
recID_2133	1	1	U.S. authorities announced they will return weapons-usable HEU from foreign research reactors to Russia.
recID_2135	1	1	Saudi Arabia has agreed to a ceasefire with Yemen's Ansar Allah group in four regions of Yemen.
recID_2136	2	2	American authorities shared evidence with their European counterparts to allow officials in Ukraine, Moldova and Georgia to initiate prosecutions in the nations where the defendants reside.
recID_2137	3	3	Authorities in Wyoming have launched an investigation after a virtual Black history event hosted by the University of Wyomings Black Studies Center was interrupted with racist slurs and pornographic images.
recID_2138	3	3	Police in Los Angeles have launched an investigation into an allegation of rape made against Hollywood actor Armie Hammer.
recID_2139	3	3	US wildlife authorities have launched an investigation after a manatee was discovered with the word 'Trump' scraped on its back.
recID_2140	3	3	British military police have launched an investigation into claims that two servicemen abused children in Afghanistan, the defence ministry said today.
recID_2141	3	3	Belgian prosecutors have launched an investigation into whether Swiss bank Credit Suisse helped some 2,650 Belgians hide their accounts from tax authorities.
recID_2143	3	3	President Trump has called Denmark's Prime Minister nasty and cancelled a planned visit after she rejected his idea of buying Greenland.
recID_2144	3	3	U.S. President Donald Trump in 2019 failed to reach agreement on North Korea's denuclearisation, in which Moon had offered to play a mediating role.
recID_2145	3	3	President Duterte will not lift the ban on deployment of workers to Kuwait until the Kuwaiti government accepts the conditions he has laid down involving humane treatment of Filipinos in the wealthy Gulf state.
recID_2146	3	3	Clinton has said he will not lift the embargo until he is satisfied Vietnam is doing all it can to help determine the fate of more than 2,200 Americans still listed as missing from the nation's longest war.
recID_2147	3	3	However, Obama has also said he will not lift the embargo until Cuba undertakes democratic and economic reforms.
recID_2150	3	3	Israel has said it will not lift the embargo until U.N. peacekeepers and the Lebanese army take positions along the Syrian border to block arms shipments to Hezbollah from its two main supporters, Iran and Syria.
recID_2151	3	3	The Philippines says it will not accept refugees sent by Australia unless they are only there temporarily.
recID_2154	4	4	Teachers from Denver Public Schools went on strike for better pay.
recID_2156	4	4	Both Britain and France imposed blockades to limit American merchants, though the dominant British navy was clearly more successful.
recID_2157	4	4	Pakistan on Thursday violated ceasefire across the Line of Control in Rajouris Nowshera sector in Jammu and Kashmir, a Defence Public Relations Officer said.
recID_2158	4	4	Armenian-backed militias violated ceasefire in occupied Karabakh 115 times in last 24 hours.
recID_2159	4	4	The Pakistan army violated ceasefire by shelling with mortars and firing small arms along the Line of Control (LoC) in Jammu and Kashmirs Poonch district.
recID_2160	3	3	Israel has violated a ban on the transfer of civilian populations into territory the government occupies.
recID_2161	4	4	A group of asylum-seekers has gone on hunger strike in protest at catering conditions at a refugee centre in Kerry.
recID_2164	4	4	UN troops remained on alert today against further violence following the church attack, which the government blamed on remnants of Seleka, a rebel force that briefly seized power in 2013.
recID_2616	2	2	The Supreme Court accepted demands from the army and intelligence chiefs to order an independent probe into the memo issue and set up the judicial commission.
recID_2617	2	2	Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda has apparently accepted demands from the powerful business lobby, Keidanren, that nuclear energy continue in a limited form to alleviate potential energy shortages.
recID_2618	2	2	On Sunday, Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani accepted demands from former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif in a bid to further defuse Pakistan's political crisis.
recID_2619	4	4	A Russian court convicted an American corporate security executive Monday of espionage and sentenced him to 16 years in prison after a closed trial that the U.S. denounced as a mockery of justice, and it angrily said his treatment in jail was appalling.
recID_2620	3	3	In 2004, a Belgian court convicted the party of having repeatedly incited hatred toward immigrants and of having a discriminatory programme.
recID_2621	3	3	Regardless of the subject of state immunity, the Italian court convicted Germany.
recID_2622	3	3	The court convicted Germany's largest bank to pay about half a million Euros in damages for the breach of advisory duties.
recID_2623	3	3	The Southwark Crown Court convicted Amazon of four counts of causing dangerous goods to be delivered for carriage in an aircraft, which was a breach of air safety regulations.
recID_2625	3	3	Bahrains High Criminal Court convicted Irans Future Bank on money laundering charges.
recID_2627	4	4	A Maldives court has ordered the arrest and detention of former Maldives President Yameen Abdul Gayoom for alleged money laundering.
recID_2628	4	4	A Peruvian judge ordered the arrest of former President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski on Wednesday while also authorizing a search of his properties as part of a probe into a bribery scheme linked to scandal-plagued Brazilian builder Odebrecht.
recID_2629	4	4	Bolivia's attorney general's office ordered the arrest of exiled former president Evo Morales on Wednesday following the interim government's accusation of sedition and terrorism.
recID_2632	4	4	And, opposition parties say they will boycott elections scheduled for next month.
recID_2634	4	4	Venezuelas largest opposition parties on Wednesday said they would boycott the April 22 presidential elections, casting further doubt on the legitimacy of the vote in which leftist leader Nicols Maduro is seeking a second, six-year term.
recID_2635	4	4	Senate Democrats boycotted the vote to advance Judge Amy Coney Barretts nomination for a lifetime seat on the Supreme Court to the full Senate on Thursday, saying they will not give the process further legitimacy less than two weeks out from a presidential election that is already underway.
recID_2637	2	2	The Soviet Union also lifted its boycott of the Security Council, allowing its ambassador to the UN to exercise his veto power again, thus eliminating the possibility of any further substantial action within the Security Council.
recID_2638	2	2	China lifted its boycott of South Korean businesses and flight routes.
recID_2639	2	2	After Israel allowed Palestinians to import cattle, the PA lifted its boycott of Israeli ranchers.
recID_2640	3	3	Algeria must boycott relations with coup government in Egypt, says politicians.
recID_2642	3	3	Rivals of the government of Prime Minister Hassan Diab said they will boycott the meeting, scheduled Thursday.
recID_2643	2	2	He said that on Oct. 14, the Israeli government approved a plan to build a complete settlement neighborhood, including 31 settlement units in the Old City in Hebron.
recID_2645	0	0	India, Germany, Japan and Brazil, on Wednesday (22 September) called for reforms in the United Nations Security Coucil (UNSC) to make it more legitimate, effective and representative.
recID_2646	0	0	The Founder and President of the Atta Mills Institute, Mr Samuel Koku Sitsofe Anyidoho, has called for reforms in the National Democratic Congress (NDC) to re-position it for power in 2024 and beyond.
recID_2648	0	0	Speaking at the Heritage Foundation, the ambassador to the UN called for reforms in the Human Rights Council before the US could rejoin it.
recID_2649	0	0	U.S. Secretary of State Anthony Blinken has called for reforms in Azerbaijan to protect human rights and fundamental freedoms, following that countrys disbarment of human rights lawyer Shahla Humbatova.
recID_2652	0	0	Armin Laschet called for Germany to share a greater burden with France in Mali.
recID_2653	0	0	In a statement yesterday, the Interstate Natural Gas Association of America called for the Senate to act promptly on the nomination because an effective and efficient FERC is key to enabling a reliable and resilient natural gas system to meet the growing energy needs of our country.
recID_2655	0	0	Punjab Ekta Party (PEP) president and Bholath MLA Sukhpal Singh Khaira has called for Prime Minister Narendra Modi to repeal the three farm laws against which the farmers have been protesting.
recID_2656	0	0	Keir Starmer has called for Prime Minister Boris Johnson to show some leadership amid the tragic crisis in Afghanistan.
recID_2658	3	3	The premier of Canadas Alberta province called for sanctions against the US after newly elected President Joe Biden cancelled the CAN$8 billion Keystone XL Pipeline on Wednesday.
recID_2659	3	3	Mikhail Khodorkovsky, a former Russian oil tycoon, called for sanctions against Belneftekhim, Belaruss state oil company, and Belaruskali, one of the worlds largest producers of potash.
recID_2660	3	3	Some European countries have called for sanctions against Moscow over the Navalny case, including halting the construction of the undersea Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline, designed to export gas from Russia to Germany by bypassing Ukraine.
recID_2661	3	3	Afghan Foreign Minister Mohammad Haneef Atmar called for sanctions against Taliban leadership in response to the provincial seizures, saying they violated commitments that the group gave to the U.S. in 2020.
recID_2662	3	3	A group of British lawmakers has called for sanctions against Chinese officials responsible for human rights violations against the Uighur minority and for trade restrictions on goods made with forced Uighur labor.
